 They truly are like family to us.
 We are so lucky to have these people that just care.
 At Ann and Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago,
 we know that caring for your child takes more than medicine.
 They're not just treating the disease.
 They're caring for Olivia.
 They know my baby's name.
 They make me happy.
 And they make me feel better.
 With cutting-edge treatments and kid-friendly care,
 there's a reason Lurie Children's has ranked the number one
 Children's Hospital in Illinois.
 I would always recommend Lurie Children's, always.
 When a young man sees a ghost standing in his living room,
 he realizes ghosts are real.
 I guess ghosts really do exist.
 But this one has a twist.
 And then we traveled to Pennsylvania to meet a young man
 who is tasked with trying to complete an impossible task,
 set up a computer for an elderly couple,
 and then teach them how to use it.
 While this man may be braver than most of us,
 his courage is truly put to the test when he comes face-to-face
 with an insectoid today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 [music]
 Hey, everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host, Jason Carpenter.
 I'm having a great day.
 Hope you guys are having great day, too.
 I hope you guys are having tons of fun out there in the world.
 We got a lot of stuff to cover,
 so we're gonna get started right away.
 First off, Slytherin on the ground of Dead Rabbit Command.
 Everyone give it up for our newest Patreon supporter,
 ExtensionCord.
 Woohoo, yeah, yeah, watch him slither.
 The more you clap, the closer he gets to the outlet.
 Wee!
 Okay, now he's in.
 ExtensionCord, you're gonna be our captain, our pilot,
 so that's a real Patreon's name.
 You guys are like, "Jason, you're clearly just making stuff up now."
 You just wanna advertise your Patreon.
 You're like, "Looking around your house, you're like,
 "Tomorrow we'll be sponsored by Blender."
 ExtensionCord, you're gonna be our captain, our pilot this episode.
 If you guys can't support the Patreon, I totally understand it.
 I really do.
 Just help spread the word about Dead Rabbit Command.
 It helps out so much.
 Tell your friends, tell your family, talk about it online.
 That also helps the show grow.
 ExtensionCord, I'm gonna go ahead and tie you around the steering wheel
 of the Jason Jalopy.
 We are leaving behind Dead Rabbit Command.
 Drive us all the way out, too.
 A haunted house.
 [beatboxing]
 This is one of the stories where we don't have a location.
 It was posted online anonymously.
 And it was written by a guy named Prochetto Pizza,
 Prochito?
 Prochito Pizza, we're gonna go ahead and call you Jerry.
 Jerry says, "This story takes place back when I was in high school."
 "I lived in a haunted house."
 Not like one of those Halloween haunted houses where people jump out at you.
 It's on my bucket list to work in a haunted house.
 One of those, it doesn't even have to be a big haunted house,
 like six flags or nothing like that.
 Even a local regional haunted house would be super dope.
 You have a job for a couple weeks, and then you don't have it anymore.
 But for three weeks, you're giving it your all.
 I'm like jumping out of hay bales and spraying fake blood on people.
 I'm doing that in the parking lot.
 They're like, "Jason, we told you you weren't hired.
 This is one of those biblical haunted houses where we talk about sins."
 "Get out of here. I'm spraying blood at the pastor."
 I'll be back tomorrow night, sir.
 I've always wanted to do that. I think it'd be totally dope.
 But that's not the type of haunted house he's living in.
 He's living in a real haunted house.
 He's living in a haunted house.
 And he goes, "Here's the thing.
 Like, we all knew it was haunted.
 And it was the traditional things you would associate with a haunted house."
 He goes, "You'd hear footsteps throughout the house when everyone was accounted for."
 Every show often something would fall off the shelf.
 It's interesting because a lot of people think that's incredibly common,
 because we see it in movies all the time.
 When stuff's getting knocked off your shelf, you...
 that's a rarer type of ghost.
 Sounds are quite easy.
 It appears for ghosts to do.
 But for people to go, "Oh, I just lived in an ordinary haunted house.
 Stuff was flying off of the shelves.
 It's actually quite rare."
 That's when you're getting into poltergeist activity.
 Most hauntings are just noises or smells.
 And that was another thing he said.
 He goes, "Every show often you could catch the whiff of cigar smoke."
 But I didn't really see anything.
 He's saying that as a book, as Heverin around it said.
 He goes, "Oh, that's normal.
 But I'm talking about I never actually saw a ghost in this house."
 Until...
 One day, Jerry said that he was in the kitchen.
 He's standing in the kitchen and something catches his eye.
 And he turns and he looks into the living room.
 And he sees a translucent apparition.
 Now, even though we don't have a specific location for this haunting,
 he does describe this ghost as wearing colonial-style clothing.
 Almost pilgrim-like.
 So we'll assume it's like the East Coast of the United States.
 He said the reason why...
 What caught his eye really when he saw this ghost was two things.
 First off, that he's looking at a translucent person.
 But he said that the clothing looked old-fashioned.
 It definitely wasn't modern clothing.
 And he said that the pants were...
 They appear to be tucked into the socks.
 Which is how the pilgrims wore it, right?
 And the apparition had no head.
 And he doesn't say that it walked away.
 He doesn't say that it blinked away.
 But at some point it left.
 It's not there until the day he's like, "Yeah, I'm charging people $5 ahead to get it."
 "To come in here and look at this headless ghost."
 No, at some point that he vanished.
 The ghost vanished.
 And Jerry goes, "It does make sense because this house was built in the 1700s."
 "We would definitely have..."
 "If anyone was going to show up in this house, which is haunted..."
 "...that it would be the apparition of a guy in colonial clothing."
 It's interesting because Jerry's already lived in a haunted house.
 He's already heard things and smelled things and had stuff fall off shelves.
 He doesn't particularly say that it was hovering around him or hitting him in the face or anything funny.
 But he sees a guy...
 Just imagine he's like eating an apple.
 Jerry's all, "Ugh!"
 Then he looks over and he sees a translucent man with no head in colonial garb.
 And he's like, "I'm just going to take another bite of this apple. I'm still hungry."
 Well, when Jerry's dad came home that day, Jerry goes, "Hey, dad, you know, this is nuts."
 I was eating an apple.
 I was eating an apple. He doesn't know how to tell stories.
 It was a warm sunny day this afternoon.
 And I was hungry for an apple.
 Eventually he gets to the point and he goes, "I saw a ghost."
 I saw a headless ghost.
 And he was dressed in peculiar clothes to say the least.
 And the dad, as he's describing...
 This is such an interesting ghost story.
 I know that I've kind of buried the lead.
 I took a long time to get to it too, but this is so interesting.
 As Jerry is telling his father this story, the dad's just going, "Uh-huh."
 He's like listening to this story.
 And then he's like...
 Jerry's describing the clothing and the dad's like, "Yeah, okay."
 The dad goes, "Well, you know, the dad says that's very interesting.
 You saw proof of life after death, son.
 I have something to add to that story.
 You remember Uncle Mike?
 Uncle Mike, he died a couple of months ago.
 Jerry's like, "Yeah, yeah, I remember Uncle Mike."
 He goes, "Yeah, you know, we have this urn of his ashes,
 and I'm going to bury them in the backyard."
 And so I'd actually taken his ashes and I moved the urn outside
 in preparation that I was going to bury him later today or tomorrow.
 Whenever I get around to it, the raccoons are playing with it.
 So yeah, I think that might have had something to do with the apparition you saw in the house today.
 It was the fact that I moved the urn and the ashes out into the backyard.
 And what Jerry... This is so crazy.
 What Jerry realized in that moment was...
 Because, you know, he was describing it all to his dad,
 and then once the dad mentioned Uncle Mike,
 Jerry's like, "Oh, dude, Uncle Mike used to be big into softball.
 He played a lot of softball, and it wasn't an old-timey colonial outfit he was wearing.
 It was like an old-timey softball uniform.
 I don't know how old I may be, but it might have been one of those lame, baggy ones.
 But the point is, is that the pants were tucked into the socks.
 So, through the translucent haze, the colonial clothes looked like...
 You're like, "Jason, this is not as interesting."
 As I'm saying it out loud, I still think it's pretty interesting.
 It wasn't a colonial ghost, it was an Uncle Mike ghost.
 It was a softball uniform that looked like he played for the Colonials.
 I don't know, but yeah, I mean, it would make sense.
 Like, you're seeing this ghost and you're going, "Yeah, pants tucked into socks.
 A colonial, right? You wouldn't immediately think of some adult softball league."
 And Uncle Mike blew his brains out.
 So, that's why he doesn't have a head.
 I don't think that Uncle Mike, he wasn't the ghost that was making the footsteps.
 He doesn't have a timeline here, but he doesn't connect any of the other paranormal activity.
 He doesn't also go, "Oh, and Uncle Mike loves smoking cigars.
 He loves smoking cigars and making books ever in midair."
 Those were his favorite hobbies of an adult softball.
 I think the place was haunted.
 The place was haunted before this family even got there, and when they brought home Uncle Mike's...
 I made that name up. I don't know what his uncle's actual name is, but...
 When they bring Uncle Mike's ashes home, his spirit joined the revelry.
 And it's interesting, because I don't necessarily think the spirit was connected to the ashes,
 because I don't think the physical form really has much of a connection,
 but it would be connected to the emotional energy of the people living in that house,
 the people who missed him the most, his family.
 This ghost tags along, but it has no form whatsoever.
 It has no energy, but it's now you've moved a recently deceased spirit into an actively haunted house.
 It's going to be able to charge itself off that energy and manifest,
 which is, again, one of the rarer forms of ghosts.
 Those are the stories you hear the most about because they're so weird and creepy,
 but most ghostly activity is sounds and smells and then apparitions and then moving things.
 So this was a super active house. I don't think Uncle Mike was the original ghost.
 I think that this ghost was able to manifest because this place had so much energy already in it.
 And when they moved the ashes out, the ghost showed...
 I don't know, it's an interesting... the whole story is interesting as to why you would bury ashes in the backyard.
 When the ghost shows up, I guess you have to ask yourself, are you going to listen to the ghost?
 Was the ghost saying one last goodbye?
 Or was he trying to appear because he didn't want to be buried in the backyard?
 I mean, I'm sure eventually they did bury him back there.
 Is his ghost still there?
 Has he joined the collection of spirits?
 Is he there so he can spend more time with his family?
 Is he trapped because they brought him to a house that is just not necessarily a positive conductor of paranormal energy,
 but a vortex that's keeping souls trapped there.
 I know there's lots of hypothetical questions, but a very interesting story.
 A very interesting story about getting your clothes wrong.
 You thought you saw a colonial ghost, but really it was a dead relative.
 He died fairly recently.
 And I've always wondered like how many ghosts we see where they're like,
 "Oh, if you look down this hallway at 3 a.m. you'll see a ghost of a maid wearing old-timey Downton Abbey clothes."
 And it was really like some sex-fetish party, some girl dressed up as a maid,
 and then tripped and landed on a broken wine bottle and slid her throat open.
 She bled all over the floor.
 And then now that's her. That's her ghost.
 She's trapped in Downton Abbey clothes for the rest of time.
 Who knows? Probably more likely some old-timey ghost.
 But it could be just a costume and then you have the whole idea.
 This is what I'm actually doing. I'm doing that. I know it sounds like I keep promoting.
 And I am. I'm doing a presentation of the Oregon Ghost Conference on March 24th in Seaside, Oregon.
 And we are going to be talking... Is it March 24th? I better double check that's the date here. Hold on.
 I'll be doing a presentation on... Yeah, I'm doing a presentation on March 24th at the Oregon Ghost Conference.
 And we're talking about how the spirit is or looks after death.
 Like, could you imagine not having a head as a ghost?
 I mean, we don't know what it's like to be a ghost. Maybe you see through your fingertips.
 But there's a lot of good ghost cigarshops out there. You want to smoke.
 I mean, like, what is it? You would think if it was true that the manner in which you died is the manner in which you haunt.
 Which, see, I don't believe. I don't believe that.
 But there's so many ghosts that, like, are walking around, no heads, you figure the, you know, the old rap saying, "Protect your neck" would become a philosophy.
 Like, the whole idea of life would be, "Die with a perfect body, otherwise you'll be floating around in the afterlife."
 With no head.
 I mean, let me just give you a little advice. Don't let anything happen to your head anyways, whether or not ghosts are real.
 You're like, "I don't believe in ghosts." You're like banging your head with sledgehammers. Don't do that.
 It's just interesting. Like, do we need to make sure we don't die certain deaths?
 Does that make a difference in how a ghost lore is divided on this?
 Sometimes you get a ghost with no head and they died by most likely, you know, shooting themselves in the head or they were beheaded during life.
 But then there are other, like, soldiers who get blown to bits by, you know, a bomb in some Godforsaken battlefield and their ghost is fine walking around.
 It's an interesting question and we don't know as paranormal researchers why some ghosts are totally just, like, banged up.
 They're all covered in blood, no head, missing limbs, and then other ghosts who also died in horrible way.
 Most drowned ghosts aren't blue. Most drowned ghosts don't have snails crawling out of their nose.
 Or a hermit crab living in their brain. I mean, so what is it? What is it?
 But anyways, a fascinating question, fascinating story, a fascinating way for me to advertise Oregon Ghost Conference, March 24th.
 Come out and see me. This will be a lot of fun.
 Extension cord, let's go ahead and plug you into the carpenter copter.
 We are leaving behind this haunted house. Take us all the way out to Pennsylvania.
 Pennsylvania specifically we're headed out to
 Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, I found this story on the amazing websites phantomsandmonsters.com
 Check it out. They got new they got like I've said before they
 Have more articles on that site than I could ever cover on this show so recommend everyone check them out
 It's a great website this story was originally sent or posted by a guy named
 P.M. Just his initials. We're gonna go ahead and call you Peter
 This story starts off in 2002 when Peter was 14 years old and
 A friend of his goes hey Peter. I know you're really good with setting up computers. I know you're a your whiz
 You're also very handsome and looks like you're strong. Have you been working out and Peter goes?
 Okay, what do you want me to do? Obviously you're trying to butter me up to do something that most people would find
 Painful and the friend goes yeah, that's pretty much what I'm doing
 I'm wondering if you can set up my
 grandparents computer
 I've done it I've done not for these I'm not Peter. I am admitting that I'm gonna be told this story
 No, everyone I think anyone who knows anything about computers has had to set one up for an elderly person or program their mother's phone
 or
 Stopped their printer from shooting out paper across the room
 Anyone who knows anything about tech support has been dragged into the scenario at one point or another and that's why I feel Peter's pain
 Peter's like oh man, I thought I was gonna have fun tonight instead. I'm gonna be putting these people's not only does he have to
 assemble the computer
 He then needs to load the software up which at this point in time is probably the AOL disc
 They got in the mail and then he needed to do it to Torgo
 It's like all the worst possible things you could do but anyways Peter says sure. I'll do it and
 He writes his bike over to his friend's grandparents house
 When Peter gets there he finds that the only people in the house are the grandparents and
 Their six-year-old granddaughter. She was visiting. They originally tried having her set up the computer and she's like I can't even spell the word
 What I'm supposed to do with these cables so they send her to a room. She is fast asleep Peter is there
 He sets up the computer loads of all the software and
 Does the tutorial this is a mouse? This is a browser. This is your monitor
 Slow down there Einstein. What's going on? The monitor is not the computer
 I'm doing there two separate pieces there like you're blowing my mind man
 Anyways after everything is set up all the software is loaded and the presentation is over Peter is ready to go
 It's time to leave and the grandparents are very thankful. Hey, we know this wasn't an easy task
 Thank you so much for setting this up for us
 We will email you tomorrow with a whole new list of questions first question how to use email and he's like
 After the presentation is done Peter is ready to leave the grandparents are now sitting on the couch in the living room
 But before Peter can actually walk out the front door suddenly a cold breeze sweeps through the entire room
 When this happens Peter sees both of the grandparents turn and begin staring into the kitchen
 And Peter's looking at the grandparents and he's like what and he turns and he looks into the kitchen as well
 And he sees what they're staring at
 Standing in the kitchen are two gray aliens
 You know they look like their traditional gray alien except for two details one their eyes
 Seem to be a little bit farther to the sides of their heads gray aliens
 The eyes are normally in the front of the face like a human's eyes. He also said they were wearing silver jumpsuits
 They also said not only were the eyes farther apart than he had seen in drawings or in movie or television shows of aliens
 He goes these gray aliens were taller than I had imagined gray aliens to be and their necks were thicker
 They also wore silver jumpsuits now on any given day
 Two gray aliens appearing in your kitchen or somebody else's kitchen if you're visiting them
 would be
 shocking and
 Probably the most exciting thing at the very least the most exciting thing you've seen that day if not ever
 but there was another figure standing in this room that
 Was running the show this was the main attraction standing in between these two gray aliens
 was an insectoid
 these giant bipedal
 Insect creatures they're very rare in UFO
 Stories I love them. I think they're super cool. I think they're super cool
 I think the idea of the insectoid race is just so much you could do with it as they're ripping me apart
 I'm like, oh, this is so awesome dude late eggs in my stomach. That's also awesome, too
 It's like what you're enjoying this little too much insectoid aliens. I love it
 There's a giant insectoid also standing in the kitchen towering over the grays and he was wearing a black robe
 With a yellow stripe going down the middle
 So an insectoid alien garbed in a flowing black robe and then two gray aliens flanking it with silver jumpsuits
 Peter is shocked about what he's seen
 But he's also shocked by the fact that the grandparents
 Don't seem to be particularly worried about what is going on
 Peter said the insectoid and the aliens walked out of the kitchen and began to move through the house
 They were gone for about a minute and
 Then the insectoid and the gray aliens began walking back towards the kitchen
 But now the insectoid is carrying the six-year-old granddaughter in its arms
 The insectoid looks at Peter
 And Peter's looking at this praying mantis type alien
 They've locked eyes and Peter goes listen. I don't know
 How I got this feeling I didn't get a telepathic signal. It definitely didn't say anything to me, but somehow
 When this thing was staring at me, I
 understood
 That this creature knew who I was
 I
 Don't know how he knew that and I don't know how I knew that he knew that but I knew that
 When he looked at me, I could tell in some way that he knew who I was
 And
 The whole time the grandparents are just sitting there now they're watching what's going on
 They're not like turning on the television. They're all cranking the volume up
 They're like oh that insectoid his chittering is so annoying. No, they were watching it in silence
 They were watching these aliens move through the house go to the granddaughter's room and now they're coming out with the granddaughter
 And they're just not doing anything about it and Peter's obviously he's in shock. He's terrified
 He doesn't know what to do. He's only 14 years old, but finally
 He realizes the grandparents aren't gonna stop whatever whatever is about to happen isn't going to be good
 The grandparents aren't gonna do anything about it. I have to do something about it and Peter said I took one step towards
 These aliens I took one step and the grandfather reached out and grabbed my arm
 And he said quote
 They will bring her back
 At that point the aliens are now in the kitchen and a light materialized around the four of them
 The emantus is still holding the little girl in his arms this light materializes and then
 They vanish
 The three aliens and the little girl just disappear and Peter said
 It was interesting the light appeared out of nowhere
 Everyone vanished, but then there was this odd glow left behind that remains for a few seconds after whatever this was his teleportation
 Sequence or whatever he goes you saw this glow last for a couple seconds and then slowly fade away
 Peter's just standing there completely
 What words would you even you'd basically have every human emotion every negative human emotion going on through him right now
 He doesn't know what happened. He's perplexed. He's terrified
 But all of this stuff he doesn't understand why no one did anything to stop this
 So he's just standing there and he goes maybe a minute past. There was just silence
 I'm standing there. The grandparents are sitting on the couch and what do you even say?
 I'm shocked that I saw this and then the grandpa says once again
 They will bring her back
 Peter says about a minute passes of stunned silence. How would you react to any of this? You just saw
 in the
 Most minimalist of terms a six-year-old girl get kidnapped
 But it wasn't just that was it there is aliens and teleportation and the fact that the grandparents the people who should be protecting this girl
 Let it happen and a minute passes of silence in this house
 And it is finally broken when the grandfather says once again, and this is a direct quote both times
 They
 Will bring her back
 Peter got on his bike and took off
 He said the whole time I was riding home
 I felt like something was following me something was ready to snatch me right off my bike. I was petrified
 But he made it home
 And he couldn't sleep
 She's understandable right again at the very least you saw six-year-old girl get kidnapped in front of you
 He couldn't sleep the next day. He asks his friend about what would possibly have happened
 He goes hey remember the other night. I
 Set up your grandparents computer
 You know expect this I expected to spend a couple hours explaining to them the difference between a modem and
 A CD-ROM no three aliens showed up and kidnapped
 their granddaughter
 What are your relatives you guys are all part of the same family what the world's going on
 Do you know anything about this and Peter says his friend explained to him?
 This isn't the first time that's happened like I'm sorry to put you in that position
 I didn't know the night you were going over was kidnapping night, but this isn't the first time that it's happened
 he goes this has happened a lot and
 Every time it's happened people have tried to stop it
 The grandparents have tried to stop it other family members who had been there when this happened try to stop it
 But they never could they can never stop this from happening and
 They always brought her back
 In fact, I'll tell you right now Peter she did come back home a couple hours after you left they did bring her back that night
 Because they always do and there's no way to stop it
 So you just let it happen
 Peter said shortly after this event the entire family moved out of the area so not just the grandparents, but
 Everybody
 Everyone who was a part of this family they just moved and he lost contact with his friend and with the grandparents
 He doesn't really know what happened after
 that one night
 It's a very interesting story what I love about it other than having one of my favorite
 Alien races involved in at the insectoid. We can really take this story apart
 I I'll try not to drone on too quickly get it
 You're like, you know, okay, let me explain a lot of times great aliens are considered drones
 Some people some UFOologists say that they are part of their own race
 Well, there's other UFO. I'll just who believe that the grays are actually
 Biodrones they're like organic material or their actual robots, but they're constructs. They have no feelings
 They have no emotions. They're basically the same as a tractor on earth
 It's a vehicle or a mechanism meant to carry out a study
 What's interesting about this one is the two gray aliens
 Their eyes are farther off to the sides of their heads than the normal gray alien
 Almost like an insectoid insectoid aliens don't have the eyes right in front of their head
 They're kind of offset to the sides as well not completely on the sides, but
 So it's almost like the gray aliens they were being manufactured
 to
 Serve the race they were with in this story because there's are some the gray aliens wearing clothes
 We actually see that a lot in UFO
 Stories like actual people's encounters with gray aliens in television and movie shows gray aliens don't wear clothes
 But when you dig through the reports great aliens wearing clothes are very very common
 So the silver jumpsuits that doesn't that's not really a signifier of anything
 That's just they do tend to wear clothes from time to time
 But the larger necks they were actually a little bit taller than the average gray alien or the thicker neck
 Taller than the average gray alien and the eyes kind of offset makes me think these may have been if not
 If we don't go with the gray because I don't know if I'm sold on that the gray aliens are just tools
 They're just kind of like mindless drones whether or not they're mindless drones or they do have their own unique personality
 Their own unique race these ones may have been genetically modified by the insectoids
 To appear more like them
 So that's an interesting little tidbit, but Jason actually the most interesting tidbit is the six-year-old getting kidnapped
 You're talking about fashion choices. Well, this is what is so interesting to me about
 UFOology with ghosts it is a very one-on-one
 Ghosts don't seem to be more powerful than the average human. They don't seem uniquely strong
 Sure, they can float through walls and they can throw stuff at you
 And like if you punch them your hand just goes through them
 But ghosts basically seem to be limited to the strength level of a human
 Aliens
 Have been nerfed a lot again when we talk about like television shows and movies
 But when you dig through the lore aliens are incredibly powerful beings
 And we see a lot of even when you look through the reports of missing time and
 things like that
 Being knocked unconscious that we've done a whole episode about our great aliens evolved from dolphins because they both have the same type of
 Sonic attacks all this interesting stuff in the lore when you watch movies and television the great aliens are just like we come in peace
 Clean your environment, but in real life
 I mean the we've come across aliens that were bulletproof
 We've come across aliens that people have tried stabbing them and the knife just slides off their skin
 They can also be incredibly strong again outside of all of the paranormal stuff teleportation and
 Mind-wiping people a lot of these aliens you could you could not go toe-to-toe with a reptilian or an insectoid
 They would gut you on the spot
 Great aliens do seem to be quite frail they seem to be built basically for
 You know pressing buttons on computers flying spaceships if they are a designed race. They're not built for combat
 but reptilians and
 Insectoids are like whatever world they evolved on must be hell because they're just built to kill and
 So at the end of the day like this insectoid could have just massacred everyone in this house and not have thought twice about it
 You could have been a house of the kid
 Just the way the power level the of these things is off the charts
 But what I like is that the insectoid wasn't doing that however
 The people did try to stop this from happening before and they never could we don't get any info on
 If they were physically harmed or they had some sort of psionic block on them that they couldn't move
 But to the point where the grandfather was resigned to just like not even get up off the couch
 He's not even pretending he has a guest over he's not even like oh great now
 I got to pretend that I can do this he knew it was fruitless
 He knew that they were gonna take her no matter what these beans were just far too powerful for the average human to interact with
 He had tried before
 Other family members had tried before and it has failed every single time so at this and it would have had to have been a
 Ton of times for you not even for you to not even get off the couch
 It's that idea of the groundhog day syndrome, right? Even by day five or day 50
 You may still be trying to figure out the mystery but by the by the 200th time this had happened
 You're just like whatever. I'm just gonna lay in bed
 You hear the sound of the six-year-old getting kidnapped like there's nothing we can do and they always bring her back
 So if I don't do anything they're gonna bring her back if I do something there's a chance that I could get injured or that they won't bring her back
 You know, I think that's kind of implied as well
 If you ended up injuring these beans if you set a trap for him or busted out a shotgun and took out one of the gray aliens blew away half
 Of his skull
 You may never see your daughter again that teleportation still going to happen. They're just bringing up one less
 alien
 So it's a super interesting story. It's quite creepy the idea of how powerless a human is we are the
 dominant species on this planet, but
 On this planet is the key part of that sentence
 You know at any point these more powerful means can show up and do whatever they want
 And there's nothing you do about it
 That's the key takeaway to really UFO stories their technology is
 Greater than ours their scientific understanding
 Hand in hand with the technology would be greater than ours
 It's just raw power. It's just raw
 unadulterated power that we can't even understand
 We have it in our sci-fi shows and we have scientists working around the clock all over the world
 To move an atom from one millimeter away. That's not even a millimeter
 It's even closer than that but to make like a molecule jump and go look at look at we're working towards
 teleportation aliens can do that with three dudes and then pick up a fourth
 And then just go back home like we can't even comprehend that
 That's like their Sunday
 That's like what they that's just what they do to get around
 So there's saw they outmatch us on science a
 Lot of the races outmatch us on physical power. We have had stories of people shooting aliens
 Sure, we have had aliens get killed by humans with shotguns or
 Rifles or whatever it is. We have had stories of UFOs getting shot down
 By a fighter craft, but they're incredibly rare when you look at the amount of alien encounters that we have
 Versus the amount of alien encounters that when they come down to some sort of physical conflict the humans win
 It's incredibly rare and again you have that survivor bias. We don't have the accounts of the times the aliens killed the humans
 There was an encounter that went sideways and the aliens killed everybody because there's no one to tell that story
 So we only have the stories where people survive alien encounters and I think that may also skew
 How we feel and I'm talking about hand-to-hand combat at this point great aliens might be incredibly strong
 but anyone who's ever gone toe-to-toe with one and lost
 There's no one to tell the story and the people who haven't physically gone after great aliens
 They go I don't know yet skinny arms. He looks like a big old whim
 It's fascinating story. What do you do when an overwhelming force takes the person you love?
 It's a simple question, but it has no answer if it was a
 Armed raid from across your nation's borders where they broke in and they sacked the town and took all the women back home with
 Them the town population could get what guns they had left and rally an army and go to take them back
 We've seen that happen throughout history
 But if an invading army simply teleported into your house and
 Took your wife and then teleported away
 First off where do you even attack? Where did this army come from? Who are they?
 overwhelming force
 superior technology
 massive
 physical strength differences all of these things add up to make humans quite weak on the galactic scale
 So when these encounters do happen when this
 Really for lack of a better term invading force
 Canaps the ones we love the most we know we can't defeat them. We know we can't fight back all we can do
 is hope
 That they bring our loved ones back
 But if they don't
 They're still
 Nothing we can do about it
 Dead rapper radio a gmail.com is gonna be our email address
 You can also it is up at facebook.com slash dead rapper radio
 Tick tock is at the rubber radio that rubber radio is the daily paranormal conspiracy and true crime podcast
 You don't have to listen to it every day, but I'm glad you listen to it today
 In America it's estimated that four percent of people in prison are actually
 innocent
 When I saw them for the very first time like I knew who my jury will be doing trial to be honest
 I knew I lost in in 2002 the state of Georgia found Kerry guilty for his alleged involvement in a vicious rape
 Only a small
 Percentage of those people have their convictions overturned, you know, it's one great justice said many years ago
 We don't find our witnesses from church pews. What series of events led to Kerry's wrongful conviction
 Could this happen to anyone what finally convinced the courts to overturn his conviction
 From zappier in partnership with the Georgia innocence project. This is the four percent
 Listen anywhere you get your podcasts or visit zappier.com forward slash resources forward slash podcasts to learn more
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
