 - Charlotte, main of God here.
 I can't wait to see you
 at the Black Effect Podcast Festival
 coming to you live on Saturday, April 22nd
 at the Pullman Yards in Atlanta,
 hosted by myself and Jess Halaak.
 If you haven't gotten your tickets,
 what are you waiting for?
 The Black Effect is bringing some
 of the hottest podcasts live,
 like the '85 South Show,
 "Horrible Decisions," and "Big Facts" for one day only, okay?
 For inspiring podcasters, we've got you covered.
 You don't wanna miss the Black Effect Podcast Festival?
 Make sure to get your tickets today at blackeffect.com.
 Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.
 What would you do if you were walking around
 your backyard with your teeny, tiny puppy
 and then all of a sudden, a UFO appeared?
 (mimics UFO noises)
 And then we take a look at the world of children.
 If you're listening to this,
 you were a child once, so full of life,
 so full of love, so full of fear of the dark.
 But what happens when your fears become reality?
 Today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 (upbeat music)
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host Jason Carpenter.
 I'm having a great day.
 I hope you guys are having a great day too.
 I hope you guys are having tons of fun doing whatever
 you're doing.
 Summer has started, so once again,
 I am recording an episode late at night
 hoping to beat the heat.
 He says, as I'm already stuck to this chair
 that I'm sitting in, I have a metal folding chair.
 That's, I've been recording this podcast
 for the past five years.
 And a folding chair from Walmart.
 But someone who's more valuable
 than any plain old folding chair from Walmart,
 if anything, they're a lazy boy recliner
 walking into Dead Rabbit Command right now
 as our newest Patreon supporter.
 Everyone give it up for Juan Gina Spirit.
 Woo hoo, yeah, wee!
 Yeah, floating in like a ghost,
 floating in like the ghost of a lazy boy chair.
 Woo, that's pretty cool.
 Don't try sitting in it, you'll fall right through.
 Juan the Gina Spirit, you're gonna be our captain,
 our pilot of this episode.
 If you guys can't support the Patreon,
 and totally understand it, just help spread the word
 about Dead Rabbit Radio.
 That helps out so much.
 Tell your friends, tell your family,
 tell everyone you know that you love the show.
 Dead Rabbit Radio.
 How did I never realize that right before?
 But if it rhymes, it's true, that's what they say.
 Juan the Gina Spirit, let's go ahead
 and get this party started.
 I'm gonna toss you the keys for a new vehicle.
 I just came up with this.
 Juan Gina Spirit, I'm gonna go ahead
 and toss you the keys to the Bunny Byplane.
 Let's all hop on, boy, it's gonna be
 the same sound effect as a jet.
 It's gonna be a little bit slower.
 Let's all hop on board the Bunny Byplane.
 Juan Gina, go ahead and spin that propeller.
 (imitates propeller)
 And fly us all the way out to Florida.
 (imitates propeller)
 We're flying around all the way out to Florida.
 It's June 13th, 1998.
 It's summertime.
 The world's grooving down to third eye blind.
 If you're cool, matchbox 20, if you're lame.
 Hit television shows like "Buffy the Vampire Slayer"
 and "Deep Space Nine" still fill the airwaves with laughter.
 We're like, oh, look at all those people
 who've been devoured by aliens and vampires
 on a crossover episode.
 What a good chuckle.
 1998, what a year, what a year.
 But we're not here to reminisce
 over how amazing 1998 was.
 We're here to hang out with a woman named Mrs. Kinston.
 June 13th, 1998 in Miami, Florida.
 It's late at night.
 Well, not super late, but later
 then you may want to be handling chores.
 (imitates propeller)
 Oh, teeny, teeny, my puppy.
 Ms. Kinston says as she's stroking its neck.
 What do you want now?
 (imitates propeller)
 Oh, you want to go outside?
 I can tell.
 I can tell because you're peeing all over the floor.
 Probably should have let you outside a couple minutes ago.
 Teeny, let's head on outside.
 So Mrs. Kinston and her dog named Teeny
 go out into the backyard.
 Everything's fine.
 They're just having fun in the backyard.
 She's all rolling around in the grass with them.
 She's like, I should have been doing this my entire life.
 This is so fun.
 They're having fun.
 But then all of a sudden they hear a loud whistling sound
 and a gust of air rips through the area.
 Whoa.
 (sighs)
 And that wasn't bad enough.
 It's actually not that bad really to think about it.
 It's just called the wind.
 Well, the whistling sound might be a little annoying
 depending on how loud it is,
 but if that wasn't okay enough,
 all of a sudden...
 (imitates propeller)
 A UFO, a flying saucer, descends from the night sky.
 And is now hovering about 30 feet
 over Mrs. Kinston's backyard.
 Teeny, do you see that, Teeny?
 That's one of them flying saucers.
 She probably said we don't have any quotes.
 I'm assuming she said something like that.
 I'm assuming she sounded like Edith Bunker as well.
 Teeny, look.
 She doesn't say how big it is,
 but these things can be around 30 feet long,
 30 feet in diameter.
 It's hovering over her yard
 when suddenly,
 a reptilian alien materializes underneath the UFO.
 Like he got beamed down.
 And he's standing there on the cold Florida soil
 or grass, depending on how well maintained
 her backyard was.
 If you're an avid listener, dead rabbit radio,
 I want you to pay attention to a couple of the details
 of this story.
 I want you to stop doing the dishes.
 Put down that gardening hoe
 because there's some interesting parallels
 to a story I covered really recently.
 I just came across these two stories completely randomly.
 This reptilian alien materializes like straight up sci-fi.
 I mean, look at the UFO.
 It's a reptilian alien.
 Everything about him is sci-fi.
 You could have a fork and you're like,
 "Wow, is that a light speed fork?"
 And he's like, "Nope."
 But it's made out of alien metals.
 You're like, "Wow."
 This alien reptilian appears in a,
 he's beamed down.
 He's materialized onto the ground
 and teeny is like, "I'm outta here.
 "I'm outta here."
 He takes off and he runs into the house.
 Now that's the right thing to do
 if you encounter a reptilian alien.
 Gray aliens, depending on the story,
 they may be your friend
 or they may dissect you while you're still alive
 and then put you back together and wipe your memories.
 But reptilians are almost always a hostile force.
 Not all the time.
 There might be one or two stories we've covered
 where they're like shaking hands with people
 and not ripping their limbs off.
 But generally speaking, you probably should run away.
 You probably should run away from most,
 if not all, alien encounters.
 Teeny's smart enough to take off running into the house.
 Now Mrs. Kingston, she's smart too,
 but the alien has other plans for her.
 She's terrified and right before she can begin to run,
 she said the reptilian's eyes lit up
 and she was frozen in place.
 Mrs. Kingston said that she felt like a cold chill
 all over her body and she couldn't move.
 She was completely frozen in place
 and she couldn't even scream.
 She's kinda stuck there.
 It would be kinda weird if you were able to free someone
 and you're like, you stay there
 and then the person's just like,
 "Ah!"
 Just like screaming the whole time.
 "Ah, somebody help me, yeah!"
 Aliens are like, "Oh, we should probably perfect
 "this technology to, I don't know,
 freeze their vocal cords as well.
 "They keep alerting others to help them."
 She's completely frozen.
 She can't even scream.
 And at that point, the reptilian is kinda like,
 "Okay, first part of my job is done.
 "Now it's on to phase two."
 And she notices that the reptilian is wearing a backpack.
 And he begins kinda looking around on the ground
 and as far as she can tell,
 picking stuff up at random
 and putting it into his backpack,
 she's frozen this entire time.
 I'm assuming her bladder is frozen as well.
 She's not peeing constantly during this whole encounter.
 He's looking around and he seems to be picking
 just normal stuff up, rocks, probably a snail, right?
 He can't get away, freezes it, just in case.
 Picks it up, throws it in his suitcase,
 throws another rock in there.
 He's like, "I'm sure it'll survive it."
 And then she'll on it.
 He's picking stuff up at random.
 Sorry, should we can tell, right?
 I'm sure the alien had a purpose of what he was picking up
 and he's putting it into his backpack
 and then all of a sudden, Teenie comes running out of the house.
 Teenie in a burst of courage.
 Decides to take on this alien invader.
 Now, Teenie, we don't know the breed of the dog.
 I will make a guess.
 It's tiny, it's a tiny dog, I'm just gonna guess.
 But its name is Teenie,
 unless it's one of those ironic names
 like when you call a big guy slim.
 But Teenie, I'm assuming, is a diminutive dog.
 He runs out of the house, he sees his mama frozen
 and he's gonna save the day
 and he begins barking and running at full speed
 towards the reptilian.
 At this point, you know, his attention is on the rocks.
 His attention is looking down on the ground,
 he's picking stuff up.
 He's not expecting this tiny dog to come after him.
 Teenie is running straight towards this reptilian invader
 from another world.
 And the reptilian turns and looks at Teenie.
 And Teenie, whoof, whoof, whoof, whoof, whoof,
 is running and barking and headed right towards this alien
 and in a single motion,
 the reptilian grabs Teenie, picks him up
 and swallows him whole.
 Gulp.
 There's no word on if Mrs. Kingston saw a little paws
 kicking its way down its throat.
 She's probably too terrified to remember that
 or if she doesn't remember it to wanna mention it.
 He swallowed a Teenie in a single gulp.
 Now, if you were terrified before,
 this would be off the scale, right?
 If you're already scared, alien shows up,
 freezes you in place and then he's like picking up rocks,
 picking up popsicle sticks and stuff,
 garbage in your backyard, like, hey, thanks.
 I was supposed to do that tomorrow for my chores, thank you.
 If you saw an alien,
 or really anything, really anything on the planet Earth,
 swallow your dog in one gulp.
 Your fear level is going to go through the roof
 and that's exactly what happened
 but Mrs. Kingston is frozen, she can't do anything.
 You'd wonder, am I next?
 Is he gonna swallow me?
 I'm bigger than a dog,
 is he gonna take three or four gulps?
 And my next, well, what happened was after the alien
 swallowed the dog, swallowed Teenie whole,
 he then just kind of like looked around a bit
 and walked back underneath his UFO
 and (mimics flying)
 de-materialized, he got beamed back up into the ship
 and then the flying saucer flew off,
 disappearing into the night sky.
 I found this story on ThinkAboutDogs.com,
 they got it from an author named Thiago Luis T'Chetti.
 He is a UFO researcher, he's a UFO author,
 he writes a lot of books about this stuff.
 It was interesting, ThinkAboutDogs.com
 very rarely adds notes.
 They added a note to this story,
 they said I wasn't able to locate such a witness
 so I guess they tried,
 I guess they were going through the phone book
 looking at people in Florida named Mrs. Kingston.
 I would guess that she moved, I would guess that
 if you were ever in any place
 where a reptilian alien came down,
 scoured your backyard, froze you in place,
 then ate your dog in a single gulp
 and I keep kind of hammering that point home
 because that is spookier.
 That is spookier, if someone, if he ripped the dog in two
 and was like, oh that's enough for my mouth,
 now I was chewing, nom, nom, nom, nom, nom.
 He's holding the bloody iron quarter of a dog,
 he's spinning around and then he goes,
 ah, mm, seconds, ha, ha, ha, ha, nom, nom, nom.
 That's disgusting and probably a little over the top
 for all you dog lovers out there.
 But it would be less creepy, I would argue.
 I would argue that there's a difference
 between being ripped in half and chewed up
 because then like if someone ate you,
 imagine you were tasting your,
 are you gonna get into that creepy, boring stuff?
 You're gonna start talking about, okay,
 so imagine if you got eaten,
 but they were eating you like you would eat a steak, right?
 So they like start with your head,
 that's how you normally eat a steak,
 you're like, where's the cow, where's the cow,
 I need an appetizer, take a bite out of his bowl brains.
 If someone like picked me up and started chomping on me,
 nom, nom, nom, like if they started biting my sides,
 I'd be like, chewing blood everywhere,
 I'd be making a big old mess.
 And if they bit my head off,
 then they chew my brain up and then I lose consciousness
 and I don't care what happens to me after that point
 'cause my brain's dead.
 But it's worse to get swallowed whole
 because then first off, it must be like super tight
 going down someone's esophagus.
 And in this case, it would clearly be the giant
 from Jack and the Beanstalk,
 there's nothing on earth that can eat me whole,
 but maybe a hippo.
 You'd be like going down this tight esophagus
 and you'd probably be like trying to grab onto the sides,
 you're trying to grab onto the sides
 to prevent you from falling in.
 And then you're like stuck in his throat,
 he's like, oh, he's all choking,
 you're all punching his windpipe, he's like, ah.
 We are going down this tight esophagus
 and then you know what's gonna happen.
 I mean, teeny doesn't understand biology,
 but you know that there's a bunch of stomach acid below you.
 So as much as you're kind of stuck in this esophagus
 and you're trying to wiggle your way back up,
 unless you have like a pocket knife
 and you can like cut handles into his esophagus,
 you're cutting gills into him,
 he's just slide out of his neck.
 You're gonna fall into stomach acid
 and you're gonna be like, ah, burning, ah.
 And it would be horrific.
 And you'd probably fall feet first.
 So you're just standing in stomach acid
 and you're slowly melting and then you could go,
 okay, this is gonna take a while,
 this is gonna take a while, he eats some tums,
 some giant tums, he's like, oh yes,
 I like to slow down my digestion when I eat a human.
 You're just kind of standing in stomach acid,
 you would have to make a decision.
 You know eventually that your legs are gonna dissolve
 and then it's just gonna be,
 you're gonna be standing on skeleton legs
 and then you're gonna fall on your butt
 and then it'll be sitting in stomach acid
 and then like your waist,
 it takes you, you become a cartoon character,
 if your legs dissolve, you've bled to death.
 Well, what if you're just standing there,
 you're in lower half of the skeleton,
 you're like, ah, this is pretty painful.
 But my thing is, would you,
 if you were standing in a puddle of it
 or like a stomach of acid,
 would you, like you're just standing up in it
 and you can feel it dissolving,
 this actually was not what I planned on talking about.
 I have a really interesting connection to a past story,
 but you're like, yeah, Jayce,
 he told us to pay attention.
 Now, I forgot what you were originally talking about.
 Now you're talking about being eaten by a giant
 from a fairy tale.
 If you were standing in stomach acid,
 I'm not telling you what this is,
 if you're standing in stomach acid
 and it was slowly dissolving your legs,
 would you drown yourself in the acid
 just to get it over with?
 Would you be like, okay, this is gonna take like hours
 and the whole time it's just flakes of skin
 are gonna be like flying off of my legs
 and I'm gonna be like, ah, screaming, would you say,
 you know what, I'm just gonna lay down in the acid,
 I'm gonna put my head in
 and let my head dissolve first
 and just get it over with.
 'Cause there's no way out of here.
 You might be able to try crawling through his butt hole.
 You may wanna try that first, actually.
 I probably should have done that
 before I melted my eyeballs.
 You're like, okay, you stick your head
 in your whole face melts, you're like,
 that plan didn't work, my brain is still functional
 and I can't see where I'm going.
 Would you, if you were in a giant puddle of acid,
 would you kill yourself quicker by laying down in it?
 It's terrifying to be swallowed whole,
 but here's the interesting thing.
 Recently, like maybe like two weeks ago,
 it hasn't been that long at all.
 Yeah, it was episode 1073, The Hunting Party.
 This is so fascinating, 'cause I did not
 put these two stories together in any way, shape, or form.
 I found them at different times.
 We covered a story just a couple of weeks ago
 and it took place, if I remember correctly,
 it was 1968, a UFO containing reptilian aliens landed in,
 it was Colorado, I don't remember the exact name
 of the city, it was a uranium mining town.
 The aliens probably saw it glowing from space,
 they're like, let's go check that place out.
 This alien craft landed and a little girl woke up
 in the middle of the night, the rest of her family
 was knocked out like some sort of knockout drug
 or ray or whatever, she couldn't rouse
 the other people in the house, the dog was barking
 in that story.
 She looks at her window, she sees a flying saucer land,
 with landing gear and a stairway came out of it
 and the reptilians walked down off the stairway,
 which in that episode I go, isn't that interesting
 how you could have sci-fi technology futuristic
 as far as we're concerned in technology,
 but then it still requires landing gears
 and a gangplank, like a little ladder you see
 come out of an airplane.
 So that was an interesting detail.
 And I have not encountered this before with reptilians,
 I think we've encountered them with other alien races,
 but in that story, these reptilians got off the UFO,
 they were all wearing backpacks,
 which again was a detail I noted in that,
 I was like, that's so weird,
 I haven't come across it before these reptilians come off,
 they had backpacks, they also were carrying bows,
 which again is like one of the most primitive weapons
 that mankind, I mean, it's served us well over the 10,000 years
 it's been around, but it's been around for that long.
 The bow, it's funny now that I say that I wonder,
 'cause they never used it in the story,
 I wonder if it was an actual like a bow like functions for us,
 or if it was some sort of other device
 that looked like a bow, we don't know,
 but you have these reptilians get off this UFO,
 the dog was freaking out,
 and they were looking around for something.
 And the reason why I called the episode,
 the hunting party was because they were carrying these bows,
 but we don't know what they were here for,
 the little girl tried waking her mom up,
 and then they both ended up falling asleep anyways.
 It's a really interesting episode,
 especially the way that story ends,
 but when I came across this story,
 I was like, okay, there's some really interesting things
 about this, and I don't wanna go on too long,
 even though I go on at length about being digested by a giant.
 Think about it, these two stories
 are about 30 years apart.
 Like timeline wise, right?
 We have the stories reported in 1968,
 the stories reported in 1998,
 two different stories, two different states.
 In third, this is gonna sound totally weird,
 but like everything else on the show,
 within 30 year time period is it possible
 that these reptilians,
 this could be a particular offshoot
 of the reptilian civilization,
 they could be considered mainstream reptilian civilization.
 We don't know, but it's so interesting
 to think within 30 years,
 they went from having flying saucers
 that needed landing gear and a staircase
 to pop out of it, like an airplane,
 like a commercial jet,
 to being able to materialize and dematerialize.
 The ship didn't even land in this story,
 it was hovering over the ground,
 the reptilian just appeared underneath it,
 and started walking around.
 So it's, I mean, is there a technological tree
 within our lifetime?
 You think about what's happened in technology
 on earth between 1968 and 1998, it's staggering, right?
 We started seeing from punch card computers
 to personal computers in your home,
 the beginnings of the internet, all this stuff,
 CDs versus eight tracks,
 and it's within just a 30 year time span,
 we had these really big advancements,
 even though they're mostly in the form of entertainment,
 we did have these things.
 Within that same time period,
 it's 20, 'cause in a lot of UFO reports from the '50s,
 they do talk about landing gear,
 they do talk about the UFO sitting on the ground
 with the little legs coming out of it,
 and this more modern UFO report,
 it never touches the ground,
 the alien beams down all a star trek,
 starts walking around.
 So that's a really interesting idea, right?
 Because I think we have this thought that the aliens,
 they're so much more advanced than us,
 their advancements have stopped.
 They already have UFOs, what else do they need?
 They already have this ability to freeze people in place
 and to do all of these things,
 but is it possible that they're also continually
 advancing their tech as well?
 Because of these two, so, and the reason why,
 we cover a lot of reptilian stories,
 we cover a lot of reptilian stories,
 and I'm not connecting,
 I normally don't make all these connections,
 the fact that they both have the backpack,
 which again, we've covered aliens wearing weird suits before,
 but reptilians with backpacks is such a unique detail,
 and I called it out in that first episode,
 and then last week I came across this one,
 and a totally different website,
 the first one was from Phantoms and Monsters,
 this one's the thing about a dog,
 30 years apart, two different witnesses,
 two different states, what in the world
 that idea of a reptilian?
 Because they're more war-like,
 they're considered a more war-like,
 more brutal alien race,
 and I'm not saying you can't be brutal with a backpack,
 but the backpack does kind of make you think
 an explorer, a scientist,
 but just the idea of reptilians,
 sometimes they'll wear an insignia,
 very rarely, right, they're usually nude,
 they're usually these giant nude reptilian creatures,
 same thing with the great aliens,
 there's debate over if the great aliens are nude,
 or if that's some sort of space suit they're wearing,
 but fascinating connection,
 you have these two aliens, reptilians,
 they're both wearing the backpack,
 they both have flying saucers,
 but 30 years apart,
 the flying saucer technology acts differently.
 If the first story had the UFO floating there,
 and a guy beaming down,
 and the second story had the landing gears,
 you would go, oh, you know,
 it's maybe the second guy,
 maybe the guy with the landing gears
 needed to skimp a little bit on his UFO,
 he didn't have a good credit rating,
 but the fact that we have them 30 years apart
 and the futuristic one,
 the more modern one I guess I should say,
 has more futuristic technology,
 just interesting, really interesting way to look at
 the world of aliens, the world of paranormal,
 that constant advancement, is it happening?
 Are they getting better tech?
 Who knows, really, really cool story.
 Juan, Gina, Spirit, I'm gonna go ahead
 and toss you the keys of the carbonar copter,
 we are leaving behind Florida,
 fly us all the way out, too.
 The little boys' bedroom.
 (imitates gunshot)
 Recently I did an episode about a shadow man
 who folded up a dude in a bed,
 turning him into a human burrito.
 He didn't eat him, that was not a four episode.
 And in that same episode,
 I talked about this thing called the empty spot,
 it was a place in this kitchen,
 these people lived in this house
 and there is a place in the kitchen
 where when you walked by it,
 you felt like almost like a pull on your stomach,
 like you were going down a roller coaster.
 And one day the dad dropped his phone
 over the empty spot and it disappeared.
 And it went missing for like a year,
 maybe a longer, and then it reappeared
 when they heard it hit the ground.
 It was a really interesting story.
 I thought, Mason, long time,
 Patreon supporter of the show,
 long time just general supporter of the show,
 was talking about it on the Patreon Discord
 and he goes, that was a really cool combination
 of like childhood fears, just kind of like wrapped up,
 kind of wrapped up like a delicious burrito,
 delicious human burrito.
 It's funny 'cause I didn't think about that going in.
 I mean, maybe I don't have fears of turning into a burrito,
 that might be a Mason thing,
 he's like, ah, my two worst fears, losing my phone
 and being folded up in a mattress.
 But I thought that was interesting
 and it did make me think, I bet you,
 that I can find some other childhood experiences.
 These are some weird ones,
 and they vary on level of creepiness.
 We're gonna start off by meeting this kid named Phillip.
 Phillip, he goes, when I was a little kid,
 I had this reoccurring dream,
 where he goes, I had this dream over 10 times
 throughout my childhood.
 He goes, I was in my house
 and there was a gorilla in the house
 and this gorilla would begin chasing me
 through my own home.
 (gibberish)
 I guess, well, how does a gorilla sound again?
 (gibberish)
 Phillip's running through the house,
 this gorilla's in the hot pursuit
 and the dream went in the same way every single time.
 In one of the back bedrooms,
 there was this large storage closet
 and Phillip would throw the door open
 and there would be a toilet in the storage closet.
 Now, in real life, there is no toilet there,
 it's just a storage closet,
 but in the dreams, every time we opened that door,
 there was a toilet there
 and right before this gorilla could wrap its beefy hands
 around this young boy's neck,
 Phillip would jump into the toilet
 and go down the drain.
 (gibberish)
 I'm thinking, you'd be saying,
 we're like, okay, I know where this journey ends.
 Puddles full of poop, but Phillip would wake up.
 That is the way he would get away from the gorilla.
 No matter what happened,
 if the gorilla was in hot pursuit,
 chasing with you through the house,
 Phillip had to get to that storage closet
 where there was this toilet.
 He would jump in and flesh himself to safety.
 And like I said, he had this dream
 more than 10 times throughout his childhood.
 Also, that toilet never existed.
 Like he was, he's like, oh man,
 I really gotta go to the bathroom.
 He's like, I know where I'll go, the storage closet.
 He opens up the door, he's like, I forgot.
 That was just the realm of this
 subliminal poop in his pants.
 Around the time Phillip turned 18,
 his parents had decided to sell the house.
 And you know, it's time to move on.
 Kid, Phillip's probably going away somewhere.
 Gonna sell the house.
 And he said, when they were getting ready
 to sell the house, they made a decision.
 (laughs)
 He released the gorilla into the house.
 They were, this will attract buyers, right?
 Everyone loves having their face ripped off.
 They made a decision.
 They went and, you know, to increase the property value,
 they turn in that back bedroom,
 they turned the storage closet into a bathroom.
 So now there was a toilet back there.
 Oh, here's the thing.
 Is that story creepy?
 Not really.
 Now I'm thinking of, I have a dreams episode coming up.
 Probably should have saved it for that.
 I'm sorry about dreams that come true,
 not like you won the lottery,
 but like people who had weird dreams
 and then the dreams ended up being real.
 I should have saved it for that episode,
 but I think it still kind of fits
 into this one because technically it's creepy.
 Imagine if he had dreamt something else.
 He dreamt, he's like running from the gorilla.
 He goes in there, it's a wood shop full of hanging hay hooks
 and he's like dodging them
 and the gorilla gets stuck on them.
 And then he wakes up.
 And then when he turns 18,
 his dad says, "Hey son, I got a secret to share with you.
 "Come in this storage closet,"
 and Phillip walks in there
 and there's a bunch of hay hooks.
 And he's like, "Dad, what?
 "What's your secret?"
 "What's your secret?"
 And he's like, "Dad's starting a chainsaw."
 It's your secret that you love hay hooks,
 you love sharp objects,
 and the dad's cutting them.
 (laughing)
 The dad's cutting them with a chainsaw.
 Phillip's like, "You haven't told me the secret yet.
 "It's blood, corn, shooting everywhere."
 Dad, come on, what's your secret?
 What if the dad was a serial killer?
 (laughing)
 He's like chasing it.
 He didn't.
 That didn't happen.
 You can't say,
 "I'm gonna tell you a creepy story."
 Jason, you cannot say,
 "You're gonna tell me a creepy childhood story.
 "Tell me a mundane story at best."
 And then say, "Well, it could have been a serial killer."
 That's not how that works.
 Okay, so I probably should have saved that,
 but let's keep going.
 I have this other story.
 Two more.
 Oh no.
 Jason, did you take Ben at drill before this episode as well?
 I'm recording it at night.
 I have to go to bed right after this.
 So yeah, it must have allergies, Audelina.
 The next story he came across,
 all of all these show notes from Jason,
 I'm not gonna check them.
 Wow, I wanna know more about that bad toilet story.
 I wanna know more about that bathroom story.
 Wow, Jason.
 I hope you put it in the show notes.
 Let's go ahead.
 We're gonna go over to this other dude's house.
 We're gonna call him Michael.
 We don't have locations for any of these stories
 or real names, unfortunately.
 We're about to meet this kid named Michael,
 and he said when I was a little kid, it was Christmas Eve.
 It was late one night.
 Everyone's asleep in the house,
 but Michael is woken up to the sound
 of Christmas presents unwrapping.
 I mean, that's pretty sensitive hearing.
 Who is this daredevil?
 Like what, was that a bow I heard unravel?
 Roused me out of my deep sleep.
 He wakes up a year as Christmas presents being unwrapped.
 He probably figures it's someone else in the house, you know?
 Getting an early start.
 He wants an early start, so he sneaks out of bed
 and he walks into the living room
 where all of the Christmas presents
 are positioned around the tree.
 And when Michael walks into the room,
 there's a little boy sitting in front of the presents.
 He's just sitting there.
 And Michael says he kind of froze.
 He doesn't know who this kid is.
 And the kid in front of the Christmas tree
 turns his head and stares directly at Michael.
 And then the boy, the boy sitting in front
 of this Christmas tree slowly floats away.
 And disappears from sight.
 He goes, he had never seen the kid before or since.
 He had no idea who this was.
 But on Christmas Eve, he heard,
 it's a creepy ghost story,
 more creepy than the toilet one,
 unless you're afraid of gorillas.
 Because again, it's that abstract nature of the paranormal.
 He didn't come down.
 If he had come down and seen the ghost
 unwrapping the presents, that's a little,
 I mean, it's still, you'd still pee your pants,
 but if you saw the ghost like actively doing something
 and being like, oh, I hope this is the wooden horse.
 The headmistress promised me,
 you haven't such a good orphan this year.
 And then he turned and elliptic you and floated away.
 It's still terrifying, but it makes a little more sense.
 But if you hear the sound of an activity,
 in this case, presents being unwrapped,
 and then you walk in and you see a kid
 sitting there motionless, no presents have been unwrapped.
 How does that work?
 How does that work?
 It's such a, it's creepy, the imagery is creepy, right?
 This poor little kid just wants a Christmas,
 but he's a ghost, he's flown away.
 It would be creepier to hear the noise,
 but to not see the action and not see the result of it.
 As well, none of the presents were unwrapped.
 The boy wasn't doing anything,
 but the sound of the presents being unwrapped.
 And it's interesting too, if you think about it.
 I made the joke at the beginning, how did he hear it?
 'Cause that's kind of a quiet thing
 unless you're really going to town on him.
 Maybe the sound was like projected to him
 for whatever reason.
 Like again, with ghosts, there's,
 ghost physics is such an interesting thing.
 It doesn't get talked about enough.
 That's why I kind of dwell on it.
 'Cause I just find that angle of paranoia,
 it just doesn't, maybe it's not sexy enough for researchers,
 but I find it absolutely fascinating.
 We got one more story here we're gonna take a look at.
 Let's go meet another young boy named Silas,
 again, fake name.
 He said when he was about six or seven years old,
 he woke up in the middle of the night
 and had to use his bathroom.
 But he doesn't wanna get out of bed.
 Not 'cause he's like lazy or nothing,
 but because he's terrified.
 He all of a sudden, he doesn't say whether
 or not this is a normal fear he has,
 but definitely in this moment, he was afraid that something,
 terribly afraid something was going to get him
 once he got out of bed.
 Now that's a normal childhood fear.
 So I'm assuming this is just something he dealt with,
 but he goes, "I worked up the courage
 "and I hopped out of bed."
 (sighs)
 Hmm, it's nothing, okay.
 Totally fine, totally fine.
 The growing wet stain on his pajamas say otherwise.
 But he finally makes it into the bathroom,
 walks down the hallway, goes to the bathroom,
 shuts off the bathroom line,
 and when he steps out of the bathroom back into the hallway,
 he sees a truly terrifying sight.
 Materializing out of the wall.
 It's like reaching right out of the wall is a arm.
 And he goes, "I looked down at it,
 "and to this day, I could tell you everything about it.
 "I could tell you everything.
 "I could totally describe this arm to you."
 And he goes, "A lot of people said it's a dream.
 "My parents said it was a dream."
 Definitely when I told them about it,
 when I jumped into bed in just a few moments.
 And he goes, "In my mind, I think it has to be a dream, right?
 "It has to be a dream.
 "But I've never had a dream where I can remember
 "all of these details."
 And he goes, "I don't think it was a dream.
 "Cause I had just gone to the bathroom.
 "I got up, walked to the bathroom, went to the bathroom,
 "and came out, but this is what I saw.
 "This arm reached out of the wall.
 "It was a big hand with long, skinny fingers.
 "The flesh on the hand looked to be real.
 "Rawning.
 "Looked as if it was decomposing
 "as it was coming out of the wall."
 He said, "It was a pale, dead, decomposing hand
 "reaching out.
 "But it's not just the hand."
 He goes, "I could see the wrist.
 "I could see part of the forearm."
 He said, "It was wearing what looked like
 "a white button-up sleeve shirt."
 So you know, like the shirts you wear
 when you go to a job interview or whatever
 to make it look like you're not a slob.
 He said it was like that.
 He goes, "It was a shirt, it was a long sleeve button-up shirt."
 He goes, "But the sleeve was rolled back a bit."
 It was unbuttoned at the cuff
 and it was rolled back a little bit.
 And in what might be one of the most bizarre details,
 one of the most bizarre details
 when you're talking about an arm
 manifesting through a wall,
 you think, we did a whole story about phantom hands,
 these hands that were chasing around children in Mexico.
 It's a very popular boogeyman-esque story over there,
 possibly a real phenomenon.
 You think hand reaching out of a wall,
 monster hand gobbling hand, ghost hand, zombie hand,
 those all make sense in this world,
 this paranormal world that we live in,
 monster under your bed,
 boogeyman in your closet, all of this.
 This hand is reaching out of the wall.
 It's a big hand with long, skinny fingers.
 It looks like it's wearing a shirt
 that's rolled up a bit and that's the cuff's undone.
 And, so bizarre,
 and it was wearing a watch.
 So that, again, sometimes it's those small details
 that really, what is this?
 What is it?
 You have to start asking all sorts of questions
 and the first thing that pops in my head
 is do ghosts even wear watches?
 Have we had enough ghost accounts?
 'Cause we'll often describe the clothes that they're wearing.
 But a ghost with a watch,
 I mean, honestly, it's bizarre to think about.
 You kind of chuckle and you go,
 "Well, of course they would have a watch."
 I mean, if you dye it and you believe the ghosts
 are wearing the clothes, dah, dah, dah, dah.
 But a watch is a symbol of the limitations of reality.
 It's a measurement of time.
 I'm sure there are ghost stories about, I'm sure,
 I can't think of any of them at the time I had,
 but I'm sure there are ghost stories, not a ton,
 but a few about a ghost who always had a gold pocket watch.
 Like an old-timey Civil War ghost,
 always had a gold pocket watch.
 And the ghosts is still seen with the pocket watch.
 They may say the ghost,
 that he was known to be a meticulous timekeeper
 and now even in death, he'll turn the watch and look at it.
 I would argue that that would be
 what we call a residual haunting.
 It's not a ghost, it's not a soul you can interact with.
 It's a recording of an event.
 He put so much energy into obsessing over his watch
 that he left a little bit of it behind.
 In the right area, under the right conditions,
 it can leave an after image.
 A lot of ghosts are that.
 They're not the ghosts that you can actually talk to,
 interact with, or really have to be afraid of.
 A ghost with a watch, and I don't,
 we don't know what this is.
 And the story's not over yet either.
 But we don't know what this is.
 Why would a goblin need a watch?
 Why would any sort of entity, creature need a watch?
 I can't think of a ghost wearing a wristwatch
 because again, it's a limiting factor.
 It would be a reminder of what to a entity.
 It's just fascinating detail, right?
 What is, why is this, whatever it has, has a watch.
 Now, you go Jason, he's walking out of the bathroom.
 He's six or seven years old.
 He just woke him in the middle of the night.
 He shed enough of the bathroom light.
 We'll assume the hall lights on
 because he seems to be a bit of a scaredy cat.
 It turns out he had good reason to be.
 There's a whole arm appearing
 or most of an arm appearing out of the wall.
 You're allowed to be a little bit of a scaredy cat
 if you live in this house.
 We'll assume the hall lights on.
 It's possible the hall lights off.
 Who would be out of character for this kid?
 But how does he take in so much detail?
 It's the middle of the night.
 You just peed.
 He's walking around the house.
 Well, because it grabbed him.
 He saw this hand come out of the wall
 and it instantly locked onto his ankle.
 It was low to the ground.
 I should have said that earlier.
 He thinks it's like coming out to shake his hand.
 It came out of the wall low enough
 that the first place he grabbed.
 And I mean, it would be an effective place
 to grab someone is their ankle.
 If you have a strong enough grip,
 if you can grab their ankle.
 If you're ever in a fight and you were like,
 "Oh, I better materialize through this wall
 to get the upper hand on this guy."
 It's an effective place to grab anyone.
 And I would argue it's probably an even more effective place
 to grab a kid.
 They have tiny ankles.
 You can wrap your whole hand around it.
 This hand was giant.
 Probably didn't have.
 And again, he says big.
 I guess it's not giant.
 It's larger than a normal hand.
 Wraps around his ankle.
 He's stuck.
 That's why he gets a good look at it.
 He looks down.
 He sees it coming out of the wall.
 He's terrified.
 It wraps around his ankle.
 And he does have to struggle to get free of this hand.
 But he does put up that struggle.
 I mean, you imagine talking about adrenaline kicking in.
 He is able to break free from this thing's grasp,
 runs into his parents room and they convince him.
 Well, they don't,
 you could argue that they do convince him
 'cause he's thinking about it today that,
 "Maybe I was dreaming."
 But they say you're just dreaming.
 It's all a dream.
 And he tells that story today and he goes,
 "It had to have been a dream."
 This is something we see happen so often
 in the world of paranormal.
 It had to have been a dream
 because the reality of admitting that it's real
 is too terrifying that a hand can reach out of the wall
 and grab you.
 And do God knows what?
 So it was just a dream.
 It's a fascinating story.
 And I think that one is a truly terrifying story
 of a child under assault from,
 what type of entity is this thing?
 We've been talking a lot about this.
 So I don't wanna beat a dead horse,
 but what could this be?
 It's fascinating.
 I don't know what it was.
 I'll default to the ghost story,
 but I don't even know why I'm picking that out.
 And I'm wondering if he was always scared
 of something under his bed,
 or if this night the fear was more intense,
 or if he was never scared of it,
 and this was the first time he was actually afraid of it,
 it's because that entity was watching him.
 Like whatever it was,
 whatever was in the house, in the walls,
 was waiting for him.
 And it could have got him in the bedroom.
 It could have got him in the bathroom,
 but it tried its luck in the hallway,
 and Silas was able to get away.
 I mean, imagine if this hand had latched onto him
 in the bathroom.
 I mean, that's all you,
 one quick yank that kid's gonna smash his head
 against the side of the bathroom sink,
 or on the toilet bowl.
 You know, you get a pretty serious injury,
 if not just an outright life-ending injury.
 Hard enough he ain't, he'd smash his head open.
 What if it got him in the bedroom,
 and didn't try going for, you know,
 making it look like it was an accident,
 making it look like he slipped in the bathroom,
 smashed his head on something,
 just yanked him under the bed,
 took him into the wall.
 But the wall is a wall to us.
 What was it to this entity?
 What would Silas have gone?
 And again, this is one of those stories,
 like if you woke up in the middle of the night
 and your kid was gone.
 And these stories happen.
 These stories happen.
 People go missing and we have zero clue
 of where they went.
 You're like, Jason, please, don't say.
 I think Madeline McCann went in a wall.
 I'm not saying every unexplained disappearance
 is wall related, I'm not saying that.
 But maybe some of them are.
 And the thing is, it's so unbelievable that, I mean,
 it would be easier to believe
 that someone broke in your house
 with no evidence of a break and took your kid,
 leaving no DNA, nothing.
 The kid just vanished,
 never seen again, can't figure it out.
 That's easier to believe.
 You're chasing my guess, that is easier to believe.
 Then the wall got him.
 But what I find so fascinating is that
 you wouldn't believe it, you wouldn't believe it at all.
 But here we have a kid who experienced it.
 He goes, it was not a dream,
 but it had to have been a dream
 because it doesn't make sense.
 But he looked down, he saw this thing come out of the wall.
 He could see all these details about it,
 including, again, like if he saw Casper's arm reach out
 or a demonic creature claw
 that looked like something from some movie
 he had recently seen,
 then he could be a little more suspect, sure.
 But to look down and see some sort of crazy entity
 wearing a watch, such a bizarre detail,
 he sees this thing come out of the wall,
 grab onto him, hold onto him,
 he has to break its grip
 and then go running down the hallway.
 He experienced it and he can't believe it.
 He was the one who felt the hand,
 who saw the hand, who had to break free from the hand
 and even he's like, this just can't be true.
 So how are people, how are investigators
 supposed to believe in these things?
 How are people trying to solve these missing people cases?
 I know this sounds insensitive, I get it.
 But again, I think even if 1% of missing person cases
 are paranormal related,
 and I honestly, I think that's probably
 a pretty good estimate,
 1% of all missing person cases
 may have a paranormal answer.
 But we wouldn't even know where to start looking like,
 what are you gonna do,
 start knocking over gravestones,
 be like, tell us what you know, tell us what you know.
 It would just, but again, like again,
 I feel like I'm beating a dead horse,
 we've talked about it a couple of different times recently,
 but I guess it's been on my mind.
 It's such a terrifying thought to think
 that the world of the paranormal is so dangerous
 it can get you at any time.
 But the fact of the matter is it can.
 So it's easier for us to just go,
 no, no, that's not possible.
 It's just dreams and spooky stories that we read online
 or someone tells us in a podcast or it's just,
 it's not real.
 Can't be real.
 And while those may be comforting thoughts
 to fall asleep to,
 those denials of the dangers of the world
 of the paranormal will not save you.
 When a rotting pale hand reaches out of the wall
 and drags you into their darkness.
 (upbeat music)
 DeadRabberRadio@gmail.com is gonna be your email address.
 You can also set us up at facebook.com/DeadRabberRadio.
 TikTok is @DeadRabberRadio.
 DeadRabberRadio is the daily paranormal conspiracy
 and true crime podcast.
 You don't have to listen to it every day.
 We glad you listened to it today.
 - DeadRabber.
 (upbeat music)
 - In America, it's estimated that 4% of people in prison
 are actually innocent.
 - When I saw them for the very first time,
 like I knew who my jury was gonna be doing trial.
 To be honest, I knew I lost them.
 - In 2002, the state of Georgia found Keri guilty
 for his alleged involvement in a vicious rape.
 Only a small percentage of those people
 have their convictions overturned.
 - You know, as one great justice said many years ago,
 we don't find our witnesses from church pews.
 - What series of events led to Keri's wrongful conviction?
 Could this happen to anyone?
 What finally convinced the courts to overturn his conviction?
 From Zapier, in partnership with the Georgia Innocence Project,
 this is the 4%.
 Listen anywhere you get your podcasts
 or visit zapier.com/resources/podcast to learn more.
 to learn more.
