 roads, streets, lanes, alleys. You may know these as places to walk, but in the world
 of the paranormal, they mean so much more than that. First off, we're gonna take a
 look at the story of a woman who's walking through Russia. Now that's not
 abnormal, people do it all the time, but this woman is weird. She shouldn't be
 doing that. And then we take a look at a man who's chasing a sister's
 witch stories of people walking. Hold on, let me get through the intro. And then we
 take a look at the story of an old farm out in the middle of nowhere. They're
 having a good old time in the Hootenanny until a stranger walks up to the house.
 And then we take a look at a bizarre musical mystery. When a folk singer goes
 missing, people think suicide, people think the mob, but to this day his fans
 proclaim he was taken by the aliens today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 [music]
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio. I'm your host
 Jason Carpenter. I'm having a great day. I hope you guys are having a great day too.
 This episode is actually being recorded in just minutes. After yesterday's episode,
 because I'm getting ready to wrestle a hog and I want to be in fighting shape,
 and I want to have all my episodes recorded. In case I get horribly injured, I
 just have to edit them. The recording process is the most problematic part of
 it, because it's where things can go wrong. The performance can be bad, the
 mic can be bad. I can run out of things to say all sorts of stuff. So this is the
 technically the hardest part. Once this part's done, I can kind of just hit
 buttons and edit and then interact with you guys. And speaking of interacting
 with you guys, let me give a shout out, starting off right now, to our legacy
 Patreon supporter coming into Dead Rabbit Command flying Frisbees.
 Frisbees everywhere, that's what he's into, I guess. Paul Martinez, he's hovering on a Frisbee as
 he's throwing Frisbees around at us. He's playing a little bit of that Frosh Paul.
 You're gonna be our captain, our pilot's episode. If you guys hate Frisbee
 Cough or you guys can't spread the Patreon, that's fine too. Just helps
 spread the word about the show. Really, really helps out a lot. You'll also see
 that it is. Fan Art Friday, and today's selection for Fan Art Friday, is from
 Super Awesome Robot. So give everyone a robot clap for the Super Awesome Robot.
 Thank you so much for Fan Art Friday. So Paul is now wearing a full-on Tron
 Legacy outfit. He's now throwing data discs around. It's super cool. I now have
 on my Tron Legacy outfit, I'm Renzler. But after him Cosplaying is one of the
 most underrated sci-fi films. Let's go ahead Paul. I'm gonna toss you the keys
 to the Dead Rabbit Durgible. We are leaving behind Dead Rabbit Command. We're
 headed out to Siberia. We were actually just in Russia yesterday. So Paul is
 flying us out in the Dead Rabbit Durgible. We're headed out to Siberia. The year is
 2017. And we're headed out to a place called the Road of Bones. No, it's not
 your big brother's D&D supplemental manual from 1983. This is an actual place.
 It was called that because it was built by prison labor during Soviet Russia and
 they basically were like, "You prisoners, we don't care what happens to you." In the
 construction of this road in Siberia, they estimate between 250,000 to 1
 million people died building this road, or as it's known in Soviet Russia,
 Tuesday. When you were building this road and you died, you basically fell down on
 the ground, which tends to happen when you die, right? But the soil was too frozen
 to bury you. Plus, they don't have time. You're building this road, you got
 deadlines to meet. Get it? Deadlines? Because everyone's dying?
 Maybe I should have taken more of a break between episodes. It's called the
 Road of Bones because for a while there were bones littering the highway. The
 government has now apologized for that whole program, but that was the case.
 That's why they called it the Road of Bones. Now it's known as officially the
 Kolyema Federal Highway. In 2017, a woman is sighted walking down the road.
 Again, not unusual. People are allowed to walk down the roads all over the place,
 but truck drivers are driving by. See a girl walking on the side of the road.
 Cars driving by. Girls walking by. Truck drivers are like doing their routes
 coming back the other way. She's still walking. "Breaker, breaker, do you see that
 young lady walking on the side of the road? Spooky bear? Do you see that?" "Oh yes,
 pile of bones, pile of bones. I see that. I'm coming up here." This woman is sighted
 on this road making a 1200 mile walk. She's sighted between Yaksduk and
 Magadan. Apparently she has made this 1200 mile walk multiple times because
 she's been seen all along the length of it multiple times. So you're like, "Jason,
 is this a phantom? Did she get in the backseat of Smokey Bear's big rig?"
 And then he takes her to the prom and then they get there and the backseat's
 empty. Nothing but a wet raincoat? No. There's a photo of this woman. Not a blurry
 photo late at night. That's the jump scare photo. There's a photo of this woman
 walking on the street. It is a real woman that has been documented. The police
 have actually talked to this woman. "What are you doing walking?" It's a free country,
 isn't it? And their eyes shift from side to side. They're like, "Yeah, kind of. Nowadays."
 50 years ago it wasn't. She's like, "Yeah, bug her off." Truck drivers have stopped.
 "Hey, you need a ride?" She doesn't engage with anybody. She'll answer questions for
 the police because you kind of have to, but she just keeps walking. The police go,
 "She's not breaking any laws. You are allowed to walk down the street." People who
 have like, "Hey, miss. You need a ride? You need a ride?" Eventually they think
 she's mentally ill. They'll grab her. She freaks out. She starts screaming
 incoherently. "You got to run. You get in your car. Now she's in your backseat with
 a wet coat. She's strangling you with it." She's not equipped for winter travel.
 See, if you saw someone in a big park with a sled and a bunch of snow dogs, you'd be,
 "Oh, that's fine. It's a little weird. It's a little weird. It's like holding up traffic."
 But whatever. But she's walking. She's wearing, they said she's wearing a white
 jacket and blue jeans. And then she has like, on like a coat. Not like a big old
 GI Joe winter soldier coat. Just a coat. She's never seen in a populated area. And
 oddly enough, no one has ever seen her eat. Which I'm sure she's like going off
 into the bushes eating berries and stuff like that. Squirrels. She's grabbing the
 rogue squirrel and taking a bite out of it. Trucks and cars are seeing her walk all
 this time. They've never seen her get to a destination. They've never seen her
 kick her feet up at a McDonald's. They have no idea why she's doing this walk.
 She's just seen walking. She was first reported in 2017. The last report I
 could find was in April of 2018. So it had at least a year, if not more. She may
 still be doing it now. It's just old news over there. They're like, "Woman walks."
 It's super great news the first time. And now people are like, "Yeah." I got that from
 the 40 and map too. That's a really cool resource. That's gonna be in the show
 notes. You guys can look around. See if you find anything odd. But it's real. This
 isn't a phantom. This isn't the ghost of a girl trying to get home
 after a drunk driving accident. This is a real woman walking 1200 miles multiple
 times through Siberia photographed and nobody knows why. Obviously it's
 probably some sort of mental illness, but it's just a weird story and it's one
 of those things that no one will ever know the answer for. We did that one story
 a long time ago about the guy in France who was just walking through the bushes
 dressed in a gas mask and everyone is trying to follow him around and then
 the newspaper published a story on him and he took all of his gear off and left
 it on a rock and said, "Now I'm dead." So we do have and we covered the flout, the
 floutest, the guy who was playing the recorder in Brazil. We do have these
 weird people kind of hanging out. I met Joe Trombone in San Leandro. He's one of
 the greats. The rapping crazy man who'd get on a bus and rap for you. I think
 these people are always interesting when we run into these anomalies of humankind,
 people who are outside the edges, but not in like an edgy way. Not like an annoying
 way. Not like the person who's playing my chemical romance at top volume while
 you're trying to talk to the girl at the party. Just like in a cool weird way.
 But this woman might also be into my chemical romance, so stay away. Stay away.
 If she gets in your vaccine, she reaches for your radio. Be prepared for Black
 Parade for 1200 miles. Listen to that album for 1200 miles. Paul, let's go
 ahead and hop in the Jason Jalopy. Let's give her a ride. She wants to ride with
 us because she's super cool. She has on all the mascara. Yes, we will listen to
 Black Parade for the rest of the journey. The rest of the journey. Hope you guys
 are into that. Paul, take us out of Siberia. We are headed back to the United
 States. We are specifically going to Canada. I don't know what's wrong, but
 that's near the United States. It's the United States little brother. We're headed
 up to Canada. Jason Jalopy's driving on the road. We get to Camperville. That's in
 Manitoba, Canada. The year is 1930.
 The winter storm pauses to take a deep breath. It's winter. It's late at night.
 The snow is falling. It's super cold outside. It's below 30 degrees and this
 family is fast asleep. They're wearing their PJs. They got their thermal socks
 on. Winter storm is wrapping around the building. Outside their dogs are going
 nuts. The dad wakes up, "Huh? What? What's going on?" And he goes and he looks out
 the window and the dogs are like, "Ahhhhh!" They're now no longer barking. They look
 like they're rabbits. It's just like foam coming out of their mouths.
 "Ahhhhh!" Apparently they also sound like a man. The dog sounded like a 44 year old
 man trying to record a podcast without waking up his neighbors. It was crazy. The
 dad's standing there. The rest of the family is looking through the window and
 they see a man standing in their front yard. Now the winter storm is pelting the
 building with snow. It's also hitting the stranger. He's not immune to the
 weather, but he's dressed like he is. He's wearing a tuxedo. He's just standing out
 in the snow.
 The dogs are still just out of it. So the dad and the older brother, they open
 the door. "Ahhhhh!" Super, super spooky door opens up. "I need to fix that," the dad
 says. He walks out with his son and the man is just standing there in the
 tuxedo. "What do you want? What's going on here? Why are you bugging my dogs? Why are
 you making them sound like a 44 year old man trying to record a podcast late at
 night?" The man just stands there in the snow. He's like, "What does that even mean?"
 He's just standing there. So the father and his son begin to approach the man and
 the man takes a step backwards and they get closer to him and he takes another
 step backwards. And they're like, "Okay, well now it's on. This guy's obviously just
 kind of being a jerk. No one walks backward on my property." They keep walking
 towards him. He keeps walking backwards. Now he's walking backwards one step at a
 time. The men speed up. They start jogging towards him. He continues to take one step
 back. And that's when the men realize, and even the people witnessing this from
 the house, no matter how fast the men move towards this figure, they can never
 close the distance. And the man is constantly just taking one step backwards.
 They're running towards him. He takes one step backwards. They're still 20 feet away.
 They follow him up to a hill and then they just stop. And he's still just
 walking backwards. He walks backwards down the road and is soon swallowed by the
 winter storm.
 That's Dead Rev Radio creepypasta hour. Now I actually got that from thinkaboutadox.com
 They got it from paranormal.com back in June 2003. I give a lot of credit to
 thinkaboutadox.com when they report stuff. I haven't been led wrong yet.
 So this story does sound a lot like creepypasta. I've never heard it before.
 I think it's really interesting. I think it's a creepy visual. Anything that
 plays with time and space like that. And it's so funny because when I was reading
 the story, I imagine him as like a tall, lanky guy. Doesn't actually say that in
 the notes. Never says that he's tall and lanky. But I think that's just kind of how
 you get it. It's interesting because the only visual description they don't say
 and he had a creepy grin and real life blood was pouring out of his eyeballs.
 It was just that it was a guy in a tuxedo which makes it creepier. You fill in
 your own details. I filled it in as like a lanky guy in a tuxedo. But as a man in a
 tuxedo and no matter how fast they move towards him, he was always able to stay
 away from him. He's just walking one step at a time. It's very very simple
 story. Very very simple story. Wasn't an alien intruder, some sort of phantom, a
 demonic entity, interdimensional traveler. You pretty much choose whatever you want
 with it. Very very simple story, frightening visual, and the fact that it
 doesn't have an ending where it's like I'll be back to take your firstborn. It
 doesn't have an implication of why the creature was there. It makes it that
 creepier. So we cover stories about some crazy kid in Brazil like we did earlier
 in the week who's beaten up chickens. You just go, "I don't have chickens. I'm not
 living in Brazil. I'm not worried about this Dennis the Menace-esque character
 messing up my life." This guy came out of nowhere, had no goal, and left. And that
 could happen to any of us. You could be walking to your car later tonight and you
 just see a figure standing there next to your car. I mean there's nothing they did
 to start this and there was nothing they did to finish it, so you don't know why
 it was there. Those type of stories are fine. Very unsettling. Also park underneath
 the street lights. Park underneath the street lights. But sometimes that doesn't
 even help, right? You're walking towards the car and your street lights like
 and every time it flickers black you see a figure standing there, but then the
 lights back and it's gone. Paul's like, "Tingya Jason! I have to go to bed after listening to this part of guys."
 It's okay. It's okay Paul. Let's go ahead and leave behind the Jason Jalopy. We're
 gonna hop in the carboner copter. We are headed out to one more story that
 involves walking. You like this theme episode? You like this walking theme
 episode? We are leaving behind Canada. Paul, I want you to take us out to Los
 Angeles. We're in the 1960s, so we're dressed up. We got really cool clothes on
 and stuff like that. As opposed to the lame clothes we're wearing today. We got
 really cool clothes on. We're walking around LA. We're sitting at these cool
 nightclubs. We're hanging out with a bunch of old stars, but they weren't old
 back then. They were young. There's a man on stage and he's tuning his guitar and
 this band's getting ready and Debbie Reynolds is sitting next to me and she
 goes, "Hey dude, you won't believe this dude is dope. This guy's super
 awesome." I was like, "Who is it?" Debbie Reynolds goes, "This is the only old star I can think of
 off the top of my head because I just watched singing from the rain a couple
 weeks ago. I never saw it before." Debbie Reynolds goes, "Yeah, dude, this guy's killer.
 His name is Jim Sullivan." He's sitting there and he gets his little
 pedestal ready. He starts playing a jaunty little tune and all of these rich,
 powerful people at LA are mesmerized by this simple folk singer singing simple
 folk songs. He was one of those guys. Jim Sullivan was one of those guys who
 wanted to make it. We all want to make it, right? Whatever your career could be.
 You want to make it as a stockbroker or you want to make it as an artist. You
 want to make it as a mechanic. Everyone has dreams and aspirations, which is
 great. You got to have those. You got to keep moving forward. Jim Sullivan was
 just like us. His aspiration was music and he actually kind of lucked out
 because his wife worked for Capital Records. Now, she wasn't a producer. She
 was like a staff member there. She did her best to try to get his music in
 front of the people at Capital Records, but it just wasn't successful. She
 couldn't get them to really pick up the album. So you go, "Okay, you know, he's
 trying his best." He had this weird way of mesmerizing people where his first
 gigs were at very, very prestigious nightclubs. He's playing these songs.
 Now, this is the 1960s, so folk music is huge right now. And the audiences are
 full of musicians. They're full of actors. They're full of these powerful
 people. And they're like, "Oh my god, this is really, really good music. This guy
 needs an album deal." He's like, "Yeah, I'm working on it. You know, my wife's
 trying to pull strings, but Capital Records won't listen to it." He had a bunch
 of celebrity friends pool their money together. They pool their money together
 to get him studio time. And not only studio time, he's just a simple man with a
 guitar who's writing these songs. They have to get backing musicians for him.
 They get him studio time with the Wrecking Crew. The Wrecking Crew were studio
 musicians for some of the biggest acts at the time. This cost serious money. His
 friends really, really believed in Jim Sullivan. They got him the studio. They
 got him the Wrecking Crew. They got him the best of the best. And his first album
 was entitled UFO. Didn't take off, though. It was pure folk music, but it just
 didn't take off. 1972, he does get signed to a record label. He gets signed to
 Playboy Records, the Playboy company, decides to actually get into the music
 business. And one of the very first acts, because this guy had such a great
 reputation, to launch their record company, they picked Jim Sullivan. But that
 album also flops. You can have the best music out there, the best art out there,
 and it just doesn't line up. And that's what happened to Jim Sullivan. His
 marriage started a fall apart. He had a child. That's the one. The marriage started
 a fall apart. He's like, Barney, the reason why we're raking up is you know,
 they had a kid, but the marriage was starting to fall apart. He started a
 drink, which is never going to make things good. He starts to drink very, very
 heavily. And he says, you know what, okay, maybe Los Angeles isn't the place for me
 to be. I'm gonna try my luck in Nashville. So, honey, Barney, he gives
 sign to Barney. He almost broke me and me and your mom up. He goes, I'm gonna go to
 Nashville. I'm gonna try to make it there, and then I'll bring you guys out with me.
 Or get a divorce, you know. One or the other, this marriage isn't going so great.
 But he did still talk to his wife into this adventure we're going on. So he
 goes, I'm gonna go to Nashville. It's March 4th, 1975. At this point, he is loading
 up his Volkswagen Beetle, and he's gonna make the trip from Los Angeles to
 Nashville. On the way out there, he stops at a motel in Santa Rosa, New Mexico.
 Goes in, gets a room, buys some vodka. Not a great thing to do, especially when
 you're on a road trip, but that's what he does. He's in for the night. He gets a
 hotel room, he buys some vodka. He calls his wife from the hotel room, and he goes,
 I'm alright. You know, I'm down here in New Mexico. I'm not in Nashville just yet.
 The journey just began. What do you expect? What do you expect? No, he goes, I'm still
 headed there, but... And the wife's like, what's going on? Like, she could tell
 something was off. She could tell something was off. She thought it was
 weird because when he called, he told her, I'm alright. Everything's okay. And she
 thought, well, yeah, you just left your New Mexico. You just left a couple hours
 ago. What could go wrong between LA and New Mexico? She thought that was weird. She
 could tell something was wrong, so she starts pressing them for stuff. He goes,
 quote, you want to believe if I told you, unquote. She asked him then, Jim, what's
 the matter? Is anything wrong? And he replied, quote, forget it. Just forget I
 said anything. I'll call you from Nashville, unquote. Next day, 26 miles away from
 the hotel, he's seen walking near a remote ranch. He's walking away from a
 parked car. He was never seen again. When he didn't get to Nashville and he didn't
 call his wife, they started a missing persons case on this. And what they
 figure out is that he got the hotel, but he never slept there. He got the
 motel room. He left his key in the motel room, never slept in the bed. He must have
 driven out that night. The last time he was seen was walking around that ranch,
 26 miles away. In his car, they found money. They found clothes. They found like
 luggage. They found a box of unsold records. And they found his guitar. And
 that's when his wife goes, okay, something's wrong because I'll tell you
 right now, he would leave all of that stuff, but he would never leave that
 guitar. If he ever needed to make money, you'd probably take the cash too, but she
 goes, he needs that guitar to make money. That's his life. With that guitar, he can
 make it anywhere. So the fact that he left the guitar really, really made her
 afraid that something bad happened. Now, the police were looking at the obvious.
 One suicide. He got out of his car, just walked into the wilderness, and died on
 purpose. The other one was that the car maybe had some trouble, and he walked to
 go get help and died of exposure. There was no reports of the car having trouble,
 though, so that puzzled them. Then there's things like foul play, that he was
 forced to go out there, that somebody kidnapped him, that somebody murdered him,
 and his bleached bones are somewhere in the wilderness that would show evidence
 of him being murdered. But of course, because his first album was titled UFO,
 the story that really took hold was the Space Brothers took him home. That he
 went out into the middle of nowhere, New Mexico, which is home of Roswell, and he
 got abducted by aliens. One of his best friends, Al Dobbs, this old famous actor
 who actually was one of the guys who helped raise money for him, he says,
 "Listen, I think it's really poetic to think that he's out there wandering
 somewhere, but I think something bad happened to the guy. I don't think that
 he got picked up by aliens, or he's wandering the wilderness or anything
 like that." That was his take on it. But the fans of his, they're like, "How
 did Dobbs you big old party pooper?" Let's say that he went and hung out with
 aliens, because we don't know. And his album wasn't a success, his follow-up
 album wasn't a success, and it became a collector's item for decades. In the
 underground folk music scene, people would talk about Jim Sullivan, and this
 mystery would be part of it. They're like, "Yeah, he recorded this album about UFOs.
 He recorded the song he goes on talking about just walking." The songs are
 really interesting song. The song UFO is basically about, like, the alien
 brotherhood. And if you saw UFO, would you believe it was Jesus, or would you
 believe Jesus was a UFO? It's a really interesting song. The album, I'll tell you
 this right now, the album is great. You guys who know that I listen to music,
 everyone listens to music, but I listen to West Coast 90s gangster rap, and I
 listen to pop music. And that's why I don't do a dead rabbit, recommends music,
 because you guys don't want to hear me recommend Spice Ones 1996. It's a great
 album, it's a great album. But you guys are gonna listen to 1996 or Holo Tip,
 Taking No Shorts, or any of that stuff. You guys should. It's great. You guys aren't
 gonna listen to Taylor Swift's 1989, unless you guys listen to it already.
 There isn't why I don't do dead rabbit recommends for music, because music is
 such a personal thing. But my music tastes are pretty specific. I like
 Bubblegum Pop and 90s West Coast gangster rap, in equal amounts. My mp3
 player is almost a 50/50 split of those two. So when I was researching this story,
 I put in Jim Sullivan's UFO album. I don't know how many times I listen to it.
 It's like a half hour album, and it is so mellow and cool. You feel cool listening
 to it. And I've, it's a really cool album to research to, because it's so mellow
 and just kind of underneath everything. And you guys know that's not my type of
 music. So I really recommend that in the show notes both albums are in there. You
 can listen to them on YouTube. And sure, you can buy them as well. Because what
 happened was, it was this Colt collector's item. There was only so many copies of
 these albums pressed. It was a vanity press the first time. The second time it
 was a flop album from Playboy Records. And in 2010, this guy who had heard this,
 he's like, dude, this album is great. This guy is an amazing musician, and his
 story is just bonkers. He just walked into the desert. Whether or not he got
 abducted by aliens, he did just disappear without a trace. So this guy was able to
 buy the rights of both albums and reissued them in 2010, and they became a big
 hit. And you know why they became a big hit? Because the story of Jim Sullivan
 was covered on Coast to Coast AM. It's an interesting story. It's actually kind of
 heartwarming. And it does suck that he's passed on or walked away or lost or
 anything like that. But his music lived long past him. Like his legacy lived on.
 And it lived on through Coast to Coast AM, because he had this album called UFO.
 And he very well might have been abducted by aliens. We don't know. If he had
 walked off willingly, he would have taken his guitar. And if it was some sort of
 mob hit, you figured they would have taken the cash. So what was going on? What
 did he see? And he told his wife, "Ah, forget it. Forget it. Forget I said
 anything." Did he see something in the sky? Was that simple song that he wrote
 about UFOs and contactees and spiritual enlightenment involving extraterrestrial
 space brothers? Did that trigger something? Maybe Jim Sullivan couldn't find an
 audience on Earth, but he found an audience that was out of this world. And
 then, because his story involved aliens, 50 years later, it was reported on an
 alien radio show and gained the earthly audience that he deserved all along. The
 story of Jim Sullivan transcends just a man walking into the desert and walking
 into mystery. It's a story of an artist who struggled but never gave up. Never
 gave up. He was just a man who would hit a barrier, readjust, and try again. So
 whether or not Jim Sullivan was abducted by aliens, and hopefully he was.
 Hopefully he wasn't murdered or he just didn't walk into the desert. Maybe he
 walked into a portal. Hopefully it's something like that.
 It wasn't happy or endings, because unfortunately he is missing. I can't just
 make him reappear. But hopefully he did pass on into some great grand cosmic
 adventure. But regardless of that, I think Jim Sullivan is a perfect example for
 us and our current 90 days to a better you challenge. Right now we're all
 spending the next 90 days to be better than we are today. And Jim Sullivan is
 one of those people. It wasn't perfect. He had a drinking problem, his marriage was
 falling apart. None of our lives are perfect, but he kept having a goal and
 when he was stymied he would simply readjust and keep shooting for that goal.
 He wanted to be a musical legend so much that even his disappearance from the
 mortal world couldn't stop his drive. And here we are today in the year 2021
 talking about a man who dreamed of being a music legend.
 DeadRavverRadio@gmail.com is going to be your email address. You can also hit us up
 at facebook.com/DeadRavverRadio. Twitter is @DeadRavverRadio. DeadRavverRadio is
 the daily paranormal conspiracy and true crime podcast. You don't have to listen
 to it every day, but I'm glad you listen to it today. Have a great weekend guys. I
 have an appointment with a hog.
 Are you struggling to lose weight and keep it off? Tired of wasting time and
 money on starvation diets that lead to more frustration and stress? If there was
 a weight loss solution that could actually work for you, would you try it? Then head to
 golo.com. If you're ready to take back control of your life, head to golo.com now and see
 how Golo can work for you. That's G-O-L-O.com.
 My sleep is way better. My inflammation has gone way down. Golo saved my life. I was way
 overweight. That's what sent me down the path. I wanted to make sure and live for my kid.
 I have literally tried everything. I was on the verge of getting gastric bypass surgery
 and I saw the Golo commercial and it was the last thing I tried because it worked.
 Join over 2 million people who have found a better way to lose weight with Golo. Your
 healthier and happier life begins at golo.com. That's G-O-L-O.com. Again, G-O-L-O.com.
