 - Charlotte Maina Godhead, I can't wait to see you
 at the Black Effect Podcast Festival,
 coming to you live on Saturday, April 22nd
 at the Pullman Yards in Atlanta,
 hosted by myself and Jess Halaak.
 If you haven't gotten your tickets,
 what are you waiting for?
 The Black Effect is bringing some of the hottest podcasts live,
 like the '85 South Show, Horrible Decisions,
 and Big Facts for one day only, okay?
 For inspiring podcasters, we've got you covered.
 You don't wanna miss the Black Effect Podcast Festival?
 Make sure to get your tickets today at blackeffect.com.
 Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.
 Hawaii, a tropical paradise,
 a place where people go to get away from it all.
 But at night, a phenomenon happens
 that makes you pee yourself, literally.
 And then, we travel back in time,
 not literally as great as that would be,
 we travel back in time
 to investigate a string of attacks in 1890s Nebraska.
 What was killing cattle and men alike?
 Some say it was America's first vampire,
 today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 (upbeat music)
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode
 of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host, Jason Carpenter.
 I'm having a great day.
 I hope you guys are having a great day too.
 Today's episode might be a little short,
 we're having some technical issues.
 So I kinda gotta get everything done
 and get it edited, but I hope it still is a one two punch.
 I'm good stuff for you.
 And you enjoy it.
 I hope you enjoy every episode, but they're not as short.
 But let's go ahead and get started here.
 We're going to sunny, sunny Hawaii.
 The island that never sleeps.
 Islands are all islands volcanoes, technically.
 Technically, I guess no.
 I guess most islands are just mountains
 that are poking up out of the ocean.
 But anyways, Hawaii, bunch of volcanoes,
 and Dog the Bounty Hunter lives there.
 And Hulu skirts and Lilo and Stitch.
 I have now exhausted all of my Hawaii knowledge.
 I've never been there.
 I'm not a big fan of flying over oceans.
 But there are people who are born there
 and they don't have to worry about that.
 You just have to worry about Lilo and Stitch
 running around, blowing stuff up.
 So in Hawaii, Hawaii has a rich, rich,
 I guess I know more about Hawaii than that.
 Hawaii has a rich, rich legacy of tribal warfare
 and cultures and stuff like that
 before the settlers showed up.
 And you have this community where you have
 both of those pretty much colliding.
 Where you have like modern culture
 and then you have these old spiritual beliefs.
 And you have that in a lot of places around the world.
 I think just Hawaii seems to be more rich and magical
 because it's far away and you need a plane to get there.
 You know, I had a question the other day.
 Why don't dogs bark at planes?
 Why don't animals like freak out
 when they see planes flying overhead?
 You think that would be the weirdest thing
 in the world for them to see?
 A dog hates fireworks, but a jet can fly through
 the neighborhood and they'd just be like eating their soup.
 They don't eat soup, but they could be eating
 whatever they're eating.
 So bizarre.
 Anyway, so much for having a short episode.
 Hawaii, civilization and spiritualism collide.
 So in Hawaii, they have a particular,
 some could call it a superstition,
 a skeptic could call it a superstition.
 Paranormal investigator could call it a actual event.
 But over there, they call it the night marchers,
 the night marchers.
 And what it is, is they have this thing
 that supposedly has been going on
 since the dawn of their culture,
 where you have these high ranking chieftains who have died
 and they're now in the spirit world.
 But they still gotta get from point A to point B.
 They just don't sit in the grave.
 They wanna go visit this place.
 They wanna go through this particular portal on this island.
 They wanna go visit.
 Their great, great grand chieftain gets some advice.
 So they have to be able to move
 through the landscape of Hawaii.
 But these great chieftains aren't gonna do it alone
 because they're most powerful people in their history
 and their culture.
 So they have surrounding them
 what's known as the night marchers.
 These are basically spirit warriors
 who create a convoy.
 So you'll see these,
 it's interesting, it's not just a ghost
 with chains rattling.
 It's like basically a regimen of ghosts
 just marching through the street.
 And you know that this is the way that you know
 that you're running into a group of night marchers
 as opposed to just a random gang of ghosts
 marching in a straight line.
 They usually march at night
 because they don't wanna be seen.
 When they march you hear the sound of thunderous drums.
 (marching)
 The Metallica Blarin'.
 They carry torches.
 So if you can't hear them right away,
 you can see them and you can go,
 uh-oh, there's the night marchers.
 I wanna get out of the way
 because their goal is to intimidate you
 so you don't look at the chieftain.
 They also blow a big old conch shell.
 (marching)
 When you hear it and you're like,
 okay, dude, that's enough.
 I heard the thunderous drums to solve the torches.
 You don't have to blow a conch shell in my ear.
 I'm leaving, I'm leaving.
 If you can't get away from these guys,
 if they have, if you're walking down an alley
 and you turn and you see them like a marching band
 start walking down the alley,
 you have to show them fear or reverence.
 You have to show like,
 oh my God, you guys are so spooky.
 Please don't kill me.
 You either can strip all your clothes off
 and lay flat on the ground
 and the night marchers will be like,
 yes, we are your superiors
 and they'll walk right past you.
 Which actually is a great cover story.
 If you were like a peeping Tom in Hawaii,
 you'd be like, no officer, no officer.
 Night marchers are coming after me.
 That's why I'm totally naked.
 Running through the neighborhood.
 Officers are like, oh, have a good day then.
 And you're like, see, you hear the conch shell?
 The cops are like, yeah, go, go, go.
 Put your clothes on.
 Or if you can't take all your clothes off,
 you're supposed to pee all over yourself
 to show how scared you are.
 And then night marchers go,
 oh, look at that person is in fear of us.
 We'll let him go.
 You're just still just peeing.
 Again, a great excuse if you ever wet your pants in Hawaii.
 Just be like, woo.
 I'm gonna have a ringtone
 that's just a conch shell in my pocket.
 I'm gonna go to Hawaii,
 walk around naked, covered in pee.
 Have perfect, perfect alibi.
 Now, the problem is is that they have had,
 oh, oh, and I guess I should say this.
 If you don't pee on yourself
 or take all your clothes off
 and lay down bowing in front of them,
 they kill you, but it's even worse than that.
 Getting killed by a regiment of ghosts
 would be kind of cool thing to have on your tombstone.
 You become a night marcher
 if you don't do one of these things.
 They do kill you,
 and then you're sucked into their nightly voyages.
 Is it voyage if they're walking?
 They're nightly walks.
 That makes it sound like
 they're just walking around the park.
 But anyways, expeditions,
 you're now trapped as a night marcher
 for the rest of eternity.
 Now, the thing is,
 it's like they've been doing these walks forever,
 but as cities have grown,
 they've actually started to grow onto paths
 where these night marchers are.
 And you're thinking, okay, Jay,
 so this is just like folklore, right?
 Like obviously this isn't a provable thing.
 It's one of those things that
 I'm sure people have tried investigating it,
 like paranormal investigators and things like that.
 Actually, I know that for a fact,
 because let me get to that part.
 So in 2012, there was a guy, okay,
 he is, his name is Lopaka Kapanui,
 and he's a night marcher expert.
 You're like, oh, so he's like a ghost hunter/storyteller.
 So you're kind of like,
 he may be making this part up,
 but anyways, we're just gonna keep going.
 So people have investigated this stuff.
 He's a night marcher expert.
 So in 2012, a bunch of lawyers call up Lopaka.
 Wait, that's not his name.
 Lopaka, Lopaka, okay, he's all,
 what'd you call me?
 That's not my name hangs up.
 They call him back.
 They're like, sorry, sir, we miss brown sugar name.
 But we need you to come to our corporate office building
 in a shiny, shiny building in the middle of Hawaii,
 'cause we wanna talk to you about something.
 We know you're a night marcher expert,
 and he's like, I am.
 So he shows up and he goes,
 and he's thinking, well, these guys
 probably must have seen some night marchers, right?
 He's like checking their pants to make sure
 that they didn't wet themselves.
 He's like, oh.
 And they say, this is the story
 they've been hearing going on in their building.
 There's a rumor going around in our building
 that the night marchers walked through our lobby one day.
 Blown conch shells, torches, everything.
 And it was freaking people out.
 And they apparently showed Lopaka,
 they're very careful pronouncing his name now,
 showed him a surveillance footage
 and go look and here you can see it.
 And he sees like these night marchers
 walking through the lobby.
 And he's like, oh, that is quite interesting.
 He apparently got a night rush accent all of a sudden.
 And he goes, so yeah, that's what happens is
 places have been built over these particular trails.
 And every so often the night marchers
 will kind of take this trail
 and they'll walk through downtown Honolulu.
 Lawyers go in unison,
 'cause I don't know which one said this,
 but they all said at once,
 there's another part of the story.
 There was a young maid,
 member of a maintenance staff,
 I guess they're not called maids if they work at a law office.
 You sit in their janitors dressed up
 in a cute little French maid outfit.
 Anyways, there is a female maintenance worker
 working at this law firm in this building.
 And she was in the lobby,
 she saw the night marchers walk through.
 She didn't do any of the steps.
 She didn't take her clothes off.
 It's really hard to get out of a sexy maid costume.
 So I understand that.
 She didn't pee herself either.
 Good.
 And so you don't want to ruin that costume.
 So the night marchers walked by her
 and she told people the next day,
 the night marchers, these dudes walked through the lobby
 and I was like totally freaked out.
 People were like, did you take your clothes off?
 And she filed sexual harassment forms against them.
 No, what happened was she said she saw it.
 She didn't do anything like that.
 And she, again, here's probably the urban legend.
 She died the next day.
 And then in a future march
 where the night marchers ended up marching
 through that building,
 one of her coworkers saw her as a night marcher,
 marching through the lobby late at night.
 I think that's a really interesting story.
 And it always, it scares me more.
 People being sucked into like some sort of hell dimension
 than people just get like dying.
 I think the idea of someone watching this
 and not going through the proper steps
 and then getting sucked into this reality
 where for the rest of eternity, they're just marching,
 which would have to be terrible for your feet.
 You'd have like planter fasciitis and all sorts of stuff.
 I doubt the medical care for being a night marcher is great.
 You'd have foot problems always.
 So I think that is more scary than just the ghost killing you.
 I'm assuming the witness who saw her marching
 did pee himself because one, he knows the steps
 and then two, he's seized the actual ramifications
 of someone who didn't follow the steps.
 Now that ending by Lopika may be a bit
 of a storytelling flourish to it all
 'cause he is a professional storyteller.
 But the story of the night marchers has marched on
 through Hawaiian history for centuries.
 And I think it's just a fascinating look
 at what happens when you have like this paranormal
 superstitious world that for the longest time
 we're just marching through these trails
 throughout the islands of Hawaii.
 But as civilization grew and grew and grew and grew
 it basically encroached on those borders
 between the real and the unreal.
 And now these marchers aren't gonna change their patterns.
 They're just gonna continue to march through these cities
 and people who just happen to be visiting,
 people who don't know any of these legends
 are sitting drinking coffee at Starbucks one day
 and they hear a conch shell blow
 and they look out the window.
 And while everyone else is pissing themselves,
 they're like, "Man, what's going on here?"
 Some sort of biological agent making everyone's bladder loose.
 They're opening themselves up
 to becoming a night marcher themselves.
 This is a brief overview of the night marchers.
 There's tons of identified trails throughout Hawaii
 where people are like, "Hey, this trail is closed
 "after sunset."
 And you're like, "Oh, because of handles?"
 And they're like, "No, 'cause the night marchers
 "will get you."
 And you're like, "What?"
 So basically the moral of the story is don't go to Hawaii.
 If you do to go to Hawaii,
 either bring extra pair of underwear
 or be prepared to be naked at any given point at night.
 And that's just living an exciting life.
 So let's go ahead and move on to our next story here.
 Now, our next story is really kind of,
 it kind of falls into the same category
 where there's some official confirmation of it,
 but you have to go off a lot of like,
 I'm gonna tell you the story and you go,
 that's an interesting story,
 but and it would just be a typical ghost story
 if there weren't some interesting details in it.
 Let's go back in time.
 Let's go back in time.
 Let's go to 1895, Nebraska.
 Dawes County, to be specific.
 Little County in the middle of Nebraska.
 I don't know any Nebraska stereotypes or accents.
 So you guys are gonna look out on that.
 I guess I just imagine Nebraska is just a big,
 flat state full of flat people wearing flat hats.
 And but not back in 1895
 'cause it was populated by cowboys.
 So they had big hats.
 They were probably still flat.
 But anyways, in Nebraska, in Dawes County,
 you had a rancher come out one day,
 he has a cow ripped to pieces.
 He's like, "Dag, now that was my favorite cow.
 That was my lovin' cow.
 Bessie, why'd you leave me?"
 He's petting it.
 All the blood is drained out of the cow.
 You're like, "Ooh, alien abduction."
 I already gave it away when it is
 in the insurance vampire,
 but anyways, he's like, "Ah, Bessie."
 He can't figure out what it is.
 He starts talking to other people in the area.
 He's like, "Hey, is anything wrong with your cows?"
 And they're like, "It's funny that you say that.
 I was sleeping with my cow last night."
 I mean, I was milking my cow last night.
 Everything was fine.
 And when I woke up this morning, torn shreds,
 completely torn shreds.
 Other ranchers in the area are like,
 "Same things happen to me."
 Now, it didn't all happen on the same night,
 but they were having this ongoing thing.
 That'd be a very busy vampire.
 That'd be like the fattest vampire ever.
 He's like, "Must eat 10 cows a night."
 People started reporting a humanoid-like creature
 in the area.
 And people would be like, "What?
 What do you mean?
 Is it a human?"
 And they're like, "Well, it kind of looked like a human,
 but it didn't act like a human."
 I was like, "Dun dun dun."
 They can't figure it out.
 Search parties, though, at this point,
 are really looking for the culprit,
 the cow killer that's doing all this stuff.
 And one night, moon long on the horizon,
 there's a guy walking around with his gun,
 looking for this cow killer,
 and he sees a dead cow out in the field.
 And he's like, "Aha."
 Actually, that's not a clue.
 They've seen dead cows all over town.
 But a clue is he sees some beast leaning over the cow.
 And he goes, "Aha."
 There's a clue.
 That's an actual clue.
 And he realizes it's a human and a creature.
 Oh, it's not a human.
 It's a creature.
 I mean, it's human.
 And he's lapping up the cow's blood
 right out of an open wound.
 Dude's like, "That's creepy."
 And he runs away.
 It is no report that he shot him or anything like that,
 but he runs away.
 And so now they kind of have something to go off of.
 Yes, it is a human who likes to drink cow's blood.
 Still can't figure out how it's ripping
 these cows to pieces.
 Well, I guess they could just use a bunch of knives
 and Wolverine chopping people up.
 Wolverine was around back then.
 I mean, Wolverine's fictional,
 but in the fiction, I think he was like eight
 in 1895 or something like that.
 So it could have been Wolverine.
 Anyways, there is now we step in our hero of the story,
 a young man known as Jack Lewis.
 He is a cowboy and he's doing his wranglin' thing.
 He's out with wranglers, throwing cows,
 throwing ropes around cows' necks and pulling them in
 and making them go places.
 They wrangle up cows.
 They wrangle them.
 But dusk is setting this night.
 Sun going over the horizon.
 I should tell you all these attacks took place at night too.
 It's not a surprise that it's a vampire,
 but we'll get into some surprising stuff in a second.
 Sun's going over the horizon.
 Big fiery fireball that gives the earth life disappears
 and is replaced by twilight.
 Jack Lewis is hanging out with his buddies
 and he goes away for some quote personal time.
 That's an actual, that's actually what the articles
 kept saying he's stepped aside for personal time.
 So you can imagine what a cowboy does with this personal time.
 I guess most people would probably think
 he was going to the bathroom.
 I immediately assumed he was masturbating
 on the other side of a hill.
 But whatever he was doing, he was by himself.
 Hopefully he was just like reading a book
 because what happens is as he's,
 well he's pleasing himself.
 He's most likely masturbating on the other side of the hill.
 He's very focused.
 He's thinking, you know, whatever cowboys think of,
 whatever cowboys think of, I don't wanna know.
 Leather, they're probably into leather.
 They're probably into like some like rugged stuff.
 Dusty women, like women just covered in dust.
 They might have just been attracted to normal women.
 But anyways, as this cowboy is pleasing himself
 on the other side of this prairie,
 on the other side of this hill,
 we see from the point of view of the vampire,
 it's thermal vision.
 (sighs)
 The vampire's like, what's he doing?
 No, that's a little embarrassing.
 Guys, masturbating.
 Yeah, I'll let him finish first.
 I don't want, I'll wait until he washes his hands.
 Vampire, crawl some eyes in the bushes.
 Jack Lewis finishes off.
 Vampire sees him kinda wipe his hands off.
 Vampire, that part of the story,
 there's no verification for it.
 All we know is that Jack Lewis
 was spending some personal time alone.
 And while he was doing that, vampire
 jumps out of the bushes and lands on him.
 And Jack Lewis, he's trying to pull his pants up.
 He's like, oh no, oh no.
 But at the same time, he's trying to fight this thing off.
 And the first thing he does is he feels it,
 try to bite into his neck
 and at the same time, strangle him.
 So it's basically like a frenzied attack.
 He's feeling two hands around his throat
 and then he's getting bit as well, really deep bites.
 And Jack is freaking out.
 He grabs his gun and starts firing off shots.
 Basically, there's no chance he's gonna hit a guy
 on his back with a rifle, maybe he had a pistol,
 but even then, shooting bullets right by your head.
 What he really needed to do was alert his friends
 on the other side of the prairie.
 They come over the prairie and the creature sees them
 and jumps off and starts running.
 And they all get on their horses
 and they're like, Jack, what were you doing?
 You're by yourself in the first place.
 And he's like, I've read in a book.
 They're like, where's the book?
 He's like, charge.
 And they all go off in their horses.
 They chase this guy off into the night
 and he gets darker and darker and darker.
 And eventually they lose him.
 Twilight has now turned to night
 and they lose track of this man who's out running horses.
 Jack Lewis wasn't doing too well.
 He had facial wounds like he was all cut up
 and he had neck wounds, he was all bit,
 but he did survive.
 Now, there's a couple interesting things about that.
 And you go, Jason, okay, so that's like a local legend.
 And it kind of is.
 We have no news articles that this event ever took place.
 That's ends up red flag number one.
 But here's some interesting tidbits.
 This story is found on Nebraska's,
 let me find the actual website.
 This story is found on history.nebraska.gov.
 So it's on their official website.
 Now they do have a section for folklore,
 but there's maybe only four stories
 on this whole folklore section of this website.
 And they're usually like a mild ghost story.
 So this one sticks out of place as far as that goes.
 Most stories like this have some sort of conclusion.
 Most folklore like this has some sort of conclusion.
 Where when we talked about Bunny Man a couple days ago,
 you had, when we look at the urban legend of it,
 you had the inmates escape from the prison
 and then one kills the other one
 and then he hangs himself
 and now his ghost haunts Honey Man, Bunny Man Bridge,
 Bunny Man Bridge, not Honey Man Bridge,
 which sounds delicious.
 I wouldn't mind dying there.
 You're all like, "Rub, rub, rub."
 It had a beginning, middle and end.
 This one is basically the end is,
 this creature's still out there.
 Whatever it was, they were never able to identify it.
 He never turned around and said,
 "I defied the Christian God and I've been cursed."
 There's no moral to this story in any way, shape or form.
 It's a series of events that happen,
 a final confrontation, only final because the guy took off.
 Now there are some urban legends that do end like that,
 but for the most part,
 they tend to have some sort of satisfying wrap up,
 even if the wrap up is, and now he's a ghost.
 This one is just a guy was eating cows
 and we shot at him and we chased him
 and we never saw him again.
 And there's no saying.
 And then on the 18th night of every February,
 he shows up to eat more cow.
 There's nothing like that.
 If we take into account that this story
 actually happened in 1895, there's a very, very interesting.
 So let's assume that elements of the story are real
 or the story itself is real.
 This is something that was very fascinating to me.
 You could have had real cows getting killed in Nebraska.
 From whatever, there was some maniac
 walking around knives stabbing cows.
 They were a bunch of unexplained cow deaths
 and someone created the ending of the story
 to explain for the cows.
 It's possible that the cows actually were dying
 and there was a human killing them
 and he was drinking their blood
 and the story is for the most part true,
 except for the frenzied vampire attack
 on Jack Lewis at the ending.
 That might have been made up or could have all been true.
 So we have this attack in 1895 that if somebody
 was going to make up a story about a vampire attack,
 you would just pick the things that you know from Dracula
 because those are the most commonly things
 known about vampires.
 In 1895, the book Dracula didn't exist.
 It wasn't written.
 It came out in 1897.
 So it's not like these attacks were happening
 and people go, oh, this is just like that book Dracula.
 And they started adding details onto it.
 It's almost like these events happened
 before anyone had ever heard that name,
 unless you lived in Yugoslavia or Transylvania
 or something like that.
 Like for an American rancher in 1895
 to have ever heard about that type of vampire,
 they may have heard of a Irish vampire coming
 from their homeland or a German vampire
 when they came over and stuff like that.
 But this is basically like a vampire boiled down
 to its roots, a beast creature that drinks blood
 that hunts at night that is incredibly strong
 and tries to tear your throat out.
 That's like if you took all the different versions
 of vampirism or vampires from around the world
 and boiled them down to their one core identifier,
 that's it.
 The Irish one, it's like, oh, but then he also
 likes to do this and the Spanish one's like,
 well, you gotta like put a rock in his mouth.
 Like every other country has their own little take
 on the details, but if you boil them all down
 to their pure essence, that was this attack.
 And that's the book Dracula, but this attack took place
 before these farmers would have ever read that book.
 So that's another detail that makes it more plausible.
 Was there really a vampire running around Nebraska,
 eating cows?
 Was there a creature who avoided humans
 for the longest time?
 It could have been killing these ranchers the whole time.
 Wasn't killing them.
 It's killing the cattle.
 But one night when it saw a man out there alone,
 it attacked him and that man survived.
 Now, when I say too, it wasn't killing other ranchers.
 It may have been killing people that weren't from around there,
 settlers moving through the area and so forth.
 Because someone who goes missing in your area,
 you will know the next day.
 But if someone's traveling from New York to California
 goes missing, it's a little bit harder to find out
 where they went wrong.
 Like what happened to them?
 They don't have cell phones unless they sent to telegram
 saying I'm in the middle of Nebraska,
 I'm in Dahls County today,
 and then you don't get a telegram the next day,
 you're never gonna know where those people disappeared at.
 The frontier of America would have been prime
 vampire hunting ground.
 You would have people traveling across this giant
 country in small groups, in pairs,
 maybe even alone, not in pairs,
 they're driving around fruit,
 but in pairs or even alone if they were very,
 like if they were on the run from the law
 or something like that.
 These huge stretches of nothing but wilderness,
 America would have been a prime hunting ground for vampires.
 And you find, it's kind of an interesting way
 to look at that.
 Because you would have had, let's put on
 our paranormal caps here for a second.
 You have these old world vampire alcoves throughout Europe.
 You have some in Japan and things like that.
 And as these expeditions are being sent over
 these explorations and things like that,
 basically it would be the equivalent of,
 if in your hometown,
 they opened up a brand new fast food restaurant,
 but it was the biggest fast food restaurant ever.
 That's how a vampire would have seen America.
 Because everyone you have families
 that have lived in Germany for a hundred years,
 if they go missing, people are going to notice.
 But when you start to have hundreds of thousands of people
 travel a perilous ocean to get to a wasteland
 or a wild land is a better term for it.
 And begin settling across it.
 People go missing all the time on the boat voyage over.
 When they first reach and the weather gets really bad
 that year, even another hundred, 200 years,
 we're in the 1770s, we're in the 1770s,
 we're in the 1800s, we're in the early 1900s.
 You still have huge stretches of land
 people are traveling across.
 And you have mixed in with these groups of settlers,
 just one vampire could be responsible
 for the disappearance of an entire colony,
 like Roanoke or something like that.
 America would have been a prime hunting ground
 for age old vampires.
 Nobody knew who they were.
 Nobody knew their weaknesses.
 And they could hunt without regard to being caught.
 Because if you found a family slaughtered
 in the middle of nowhere, you would assume Indians,
 bear attack, bad luck.
 But most likely we just never find the bodies at all.
 And it could be like the Hawaii story,
 where they could be out in the wilderness,
 hunting the way they've hunted for the past
 three, 400 years in America.
 And as our cities again are encroaching
 on the hunting grounds of these creatures
 that may be killing people one by one,
 hitchhikers, broken down motorists, things like that.
 As our cities, just like the Hawaii story,
 as our cities get bigger and encroach on their hunting grounds,
 they've been hunting for three, 400 years in America.
 They don't have a choice,
 but to start hunting in the cities.
 They aren't already.
 In the early days of America,
 there was no social safety net.
 If you came here, you had to work as hard as you could,
 or you failed and died.
 And people from all over the world came over
 to try their luck at the American dream.
 But more than just people may have come over on those boats.
 Come over to give it their best shot,
 to try to make a life in America,
 even if that meant killing us in the process.
 (upbeat music)
 DeadRabbitRadio@gmail.com is gonna be our email address.
 You can also hit us up at facebook.com/DeadRabbitRadio.
 Twitter is @DeadRabbitRadio.
 DeadRabbitRadio is the daily,
 paranormal, conspiracy, and true crime podcast.
 You don't have to listen to it every day,
 but I'm glad you listen to it today.
 Have a great one, guys.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [music fades out]
