 - Charlotte, main of God here.
 I can't wait to see you
 at the Black Effect Podcast Festival
 coming to you live on Saturday, April 22nd
 at the Pullman Yards in Atlanta,
 hosted by myself and Jess Halaak.
 If you haven't gotten your tickets,
 what are you waiting for?
 The Black Effect is bringing some
 of the hottest podcasts live,
 like the '85 South Show,
 "Horrible Decisions," and "Big Facts" for one day only, okay?
 For inspiring podcasters, we've got you covered.
 You don't wanna miss the Black Effect Podcast Festival?
 Make sure to get your tickets today at blackeffect.com.
 Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.
 A terrifying crime shows what happens
 when we take conspiracy theories a little too seriously.
 Then we take a look at the story of a young woman
 who encounters aliens, advanced life from another galaxy,
 which makes us ask the question,
 what if the smartest beings in the universe are wrong?
 Today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode
 of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host Jason Garvin,
 or I'm having a great day.
 I hope you guys are having a great day too.
 This may be the fastest recorded episode
 of Dead Rabbit Radio ever.
 It's slowly approaching 100 degrees outside.
 I really, really waited a long time
 to record this episode.
 Recording it like almost the hottest time of the day.
 So we're gonna have to get right through this.
 First off, let's give a shout out
 to one of our legacy patriots.
 Actually, you know what?
 Today I wanna give a shout out.
 I don't know if I ever gave her a shout out for this.
 So today's shout out is going to be Audrey Mackamson.
 Everyone give a round of applause to Audrey
 as she's walking into Dead Rabbit Command.
 Do a little bow.
 She's not a Patreon supporter,
 but a long time ago I put out a bounty.
 You're like, "Jason, you did reward her for this."
 We remember this.
 You just didn't put it down in your notes.
 Audrey Mackamson, or makeumson,
 I put out a bounty for a Bigfoot USB.
 There was something called Bigfoot the Track Record,
 a Bigfoot Encyclopedia.
 And we covered the story.
 It was about Bigfoot hanging out in Oregon
 at near a place called Cock Rock,
 which is a place where dudes go to bang each other.
 But Bigfoot was there for some reason,
 just looking for love.
 Anyways, I'll put that episode in the show notes.
 You're like, "No, Jason, tell us that story now."
 In that episode I mentioned there as a USB.
 It was like Lost Media.
 I didn't think I could ever find it.
 She found it.
 She sent me the link and I purchased it.
 And it's really cool.
 So Audrey, I wanted to really thank you for that.
 So you're gonna be our captain or pilot
 of this episode today.
 If you guys can't find an obscure piece of Lost Media
 for me, that's fine too.
 Just help spread the word about the show.
 Really, really helps out a lot.
 Also, to give a shout out to the Patreons,
 there is currently a debate.
 It's not a debate.
 Everyone agrees on the Patreon Discord.
 How much they hate me for being a--
 (laughs)
 For being a fan of the Minecraft streamer Dream.
 Apparently there's almost enough rising.
 I expect to lose a lot of Patreons this weekend
 because I do like Dream.
 Audrey, oh, oh, what am I talking about?
 We also got this amazing fan art for Fan Art Friday.
 I almost forgot 'cause I'm not looking at it on my screen.
 But this was from the Patreon Discord.
 This was from long time listener of the show,
 Patreon supporters, Will Roody Jazz.
 Look at this.
 It's a little combination.
 Don't, if you're driving, if you're driving,
 you can look at it later.
 It's a combination of myself with the Dead Rabbit radio logo.
 So I got my hair cut, I'm all wooly,
 and apparently I have the nose of a pig.
 I did not know that.
 I always assumed my nose was Romanesque
 and less Chief Wiggum, but whatever,
 I don't care either way.
 Roody, thank you so much for providing this artwork
 for Fan Art Friday.
 It really is super-duper awesome.
 Audrey, I'm gonna go ahead and toss you the keys
 to the Jason Jet.
 We're actually gonna leave behind Dead Rabbit,
 I forgot where we were going.
 We're gonna leave behind Dead Rabbit Command.
 You're gonna vroom vroom us on out to Mexico.
 (blows air)
 Audrey's flying us over the beautiful blue skies
 of the world, headed down to Mexico.
 Now this first story, it's a little intense.
 I'm not gonna go into a lot of the details with it,
 honestly, because I think the implication is more important
 than the gruesomeness of it.
 On August 7th, 2021, you had a dude
 named Matthew Coleman of Santa Barbara.
 People are already skipping, they're like, nope.
 There's all this in the news, all this in the news,
 where's the fast forward button?
 On August 7th, 2021, Matthew Coleman of Santa Barbara
 decides to kidnap his own two children.
 Kalio, three years old, it only gets worse from here,
 unfortunately, Kalio is three years old
 and Roxy is 10 months old
 and takes his beautiful little babies down to Mexico.
 Shortly after that, their mother, Abby Coleman,
 his wife, reports her children missing.
 This is a pretty breaking news story.
 I mean, on August 7th, we're still getting
 drips and drips of information,
 but we don't know if the relationship was on the rocks,
 like if he was sending out warning signs
 that he may be planning to do something brutal.
 They're actually lived up in, where is it?
 Santa Barbara, so he's driving down to Mexico
 and she reports them missing and the police are like,
 oh, great, so I think there is more stuff going on.
 It wasn't like, oh, I think he spent a little too long
 on this day trip.
 I think she alerted them that he's been having
 some mental health difficulties.
 Matthew Coleman is then coming across the border
 from Mexico back in the United States
 and everyone at the border had gotten a bolo for him, right?
 Be on the lookout for Matthew Coleman.
 So when his car comes, they stop him.
 Hey, Matthew, he's harmfully alarmed.
 They know his name, he's like, oh,
 they start questioning him.
 They notice that there is droplets of blood in his car,
 like on a sheet of paper, and most horrifically,
 neither of his children are in the car.
 So Matthew Coleman is arrested, he is questioned,
 and it turns out that he took both of his children
 down to this farm in Mexico and shot them both
 with a spear gun.
 All that stuff is just horrific.
 It's a terrifying local news story
 and it happens all too often.
 The reason why I'm talking about it on Dead Rabbit Radio,
 even though this is a true crime podcast,
 we don't cover stuff like that.
 We do cover more stuff like that on the TikTok.
 We cover kind of these local, weird, creepy crime stories
 on the TikTok, but on the Shell Proper,
 I don't really talk about that type of stuff,
 unless it's super bizarre.
 This is super bizarre because his motive,
 and this is why I think they probably
 was probably aware that there was some mental health
 difficulties going on prior to this.
 Matthew Coleman told the investigating officer,
 I believe it was an FBI officer,
 'cause you can read the affidavit on Crime Online,
 I'll put the link on the show notes.
 It's a really great website, I visit it every day.
 For my crime fix, I go to Crime Online.
 He tells the FBI agent, "Well, I had to kill him.
 "I had to kill him."
 Because I learned the truth,
 because I learned the truth.
 You see, I am a, what you may call a conspiracy theorist.
 He's on his exact words.
 He wasn't talking like Heath Ledger's Joker,
 or anything like that, but I'm kind of puffing it up for you.
 I can just read the affidavit,
 but that's no fun, and it's kind of dark.
 He goes, "Listen, I've been learning about this stuff
 "about the Illuminati, and QAnon."
 Did you know about QAnon?
 The agent goes, "Yes, I do read the newspaper.
 "I'm aware of that term."
 He goes, "But see, the Illuminati has opened my eyes
 "to what's really going on in this world.
 "You see, my wife and mother of my children
 "is a reptilian.
 "She has what's known as serpent DNA,
 "and she gave it to my children.
 "Officer, I'm telling you this right now.
 "Those weren't children I killed in the desert.
 "They were monsters.
 "I didn't murder my children.
 "I just saved the world."
 Now, even though that was me adding a bit of dramatic flair,
 the lights flickering, (stutters)
 that is the gist.
 He did say QAnon and Illuminati conspiracy theories,
 and he, quote, "Was receiving visions and signs,
 "revealing that his wife possessed serpent DNA
 "and had passed it on to his children."
 And the phrase, "To save the world,"
 was also used in that after David as well.
 Terrifying story, absolutely terrifying story.
 And I know right now,
 there are already some people typing
 into the YouTube comments,
 "Maybe this is just a story
 "to make conspiracy theorists look bad."
 Listen, there's already enough stuff
 that makes conspiracy theorists look bad.
 I would, it would be hard pressed for a group
 to just pick out a local crime story,
 no matter how horrific.
 And this actually isn't in the top 10 most horrific crimes
 that have happened in the past month.
 I mean, for this family, it isn't.
 For this family, it's the worst.
 But you know what I mean?
 Like, if this was some sort of conspiracy,
 oh, oh, they're trying to make QAnon look bad,
 so they're gonna type, no, no, no.
 That, there's worse they could have chosen.
 There really is worse crimes they could have chosen.
 What, I do enjoy investigating conspiracy theories,
 and I love sharing them with you.
 And I think you guys sense that
 there's definitely at the very least
 an interest in conspiracy theories.
 And for me, at the very most like a joy.
 Like, I enjoy finding these things.
 And you guys are very well put together adults as well.
 But this guy had most likely an underlying mental illness
 and found the conspiracy theories as well.
 It's interesting because I think,
 I don't think this is gonna become a huge major story,
 and they're gonna try to use it
 to push away conspiracy theory content
 on YouTube or anything like that.
 But this is almost like the Freddy Kruger defense,
 which I don't think's ever been used.
 But if they did, that's a cool name for it,
 where somebody commits a crime based on a horror movie.
 And that person had been struggling
 with mental health issues their entire life,
 and then they became a huge fan
 of the Freddy Kruger franchise.
 They bought a time machine, went back to the '80s.
 They're a huge fan of Freddy Kruger,
 and they end up making a glove out of knives
 and stabbing someone to death.
 Or just took a knife and stabbed someone to death.
 One, that's most likely happened.
 That's most likely happened already.
 But was Freddy Kruger to blame?
 Were those horror movies to blame for the crime?
 Or if he had watched The Wind and the Willows too many times,
 would he have dressed up like a frog and drowned people?
 Because the underlying mental illness is already there,
 and if it's untreated, that's really the key.
 Like if you can get it treated, you're fine.
 But if it's untreated,
 and you have the movie stimulating the thought pattern,
 would any movie do that?
 Would if he was watching action movies all the time,
 would he want to go on a mass shooting rampage?
 So that's where I think this lies.
 I don't necessarily blame the conspiracy.
 I will say this though.
 Freddy Kruger and The Wind and the Willows and The Matrix,
 they don't ever imply that they're true,
 even though Nightmare on the Street was based on a true story.
 Well, but that episode in the show notes is really creepy,
 but the movies themselves don't apply to be true.
 These conspiracy theories are supposed to be true.
 So there might be more of an argument
 that the conspiracy theories weighed more on him.
 Actually, that's a good point,
 'cause as I'm arguing with myself in a 90 degree closet,
 Freddy Kruger doesn't go now,
 "Well, listen, kids, this is a true story.
 This is what happens if you try to take vigilante justice
 against a child rapist.
 This is what will happen to you."
 We know it's fictional.
 And see, when we look at conspiracy theories like,
 there's a whole group of population
 that has serpent DNA in them,
 and they're gonna pass it on.
 We've covered this conspiracy theory.
 Not only have we covered this conspiracy theory,
 oddly enough, we've covered multiple times
 people have tried and successfully used spear guns
 to kill people, which is such a weird, exotic weapon.
 We covered it when the guys were fighting on the airliner,
 and we covered it with the guy who killed his family
 using a spear gun.
 But anyways, I'll put those episodes in the show notes.
 That's not an advertisement.
 I'm not using that as an advertisement,
 as a weapon of choice, but we did cover
 the serpent seed conspiracy theory once.
 There was a minister who believed
 that people were passing this around,
 and that's quite foolish conspiracy theory.
 That's one of the ones where I'd be like,
 "Wait, well, if we can't detect it,
 if we can't detect that serpent DNA,
 like you look at a microscope,
 you see regular little sperm,
 and then you look and there's little microscopic
 alligator-shining of those sperm.
 You can't detect that there's serpent DNA in there.
 You can't scientifically do anything.
 It's quite foolish.
 But he was having these visions
 and seeing these signs as well.
 He's probably flipping through the radio station
 and every so often the song "Man Eater" would start playing.
 He's like, "Oh, Man Eater, that's like an alligator."
 And he puts this stuff together.
 And who knows?
 It's tragic.
 And it goes to show that sometimes
 when you take these conspiracy theories too seriously,
 plus, that can just be your kind of believing stuff
 that doesn't exist if you believe
 in every conspiracy theory.
 Someone believes the earth is flat.
 It doesn't affect you in any way, shape, or form.
 It really doesn't.
 So I don't care about it.
 I think it's dumb.
 But it doesn't affect me in any way or other people.
 But when you take that conspiracy theory
 and you put an underlying mental illness to it,
 that's the problem.
 I think that's really the problem.
 And I think that's the main issue here.
 If people wanna believe that 10% of the population
 is reptilian, whatever.
 Then the only way you can become famous
 and rich and powerful is to either be reptilian
 or to join the reptilian core or whatever.
 Have a little reptilian badge
 ask me about my reptilian ancestry?
 Whatever.
 That doesn't affect us in any way, shape, or form.
 And if they just go, "Ah, Queen Elizabeth,
 "she's a big old reptile."
 I saw her laying an egg.
 I saw laying an egg the other day
 and Meghan Markle popped out of it.
 Whatever.
 Who cares?
 Like that really doesn't affect us
 if that person is then going to do something violent,
 which is the extreme minority,
 which most conspiracy theorists,
 they don't do anything like that.
 But there's the extreme minority.
 There's a extreme minority of people who love motocross,
 who are also using their dirt bikes to run drugs
 across the country and maybe to run over
 their enemies' faces.
 They have to wait until their enemies sleep in
 and then they're like, "Ring, ring, ring."
 They got the silence around their back.
 There's a small minority of every group,
 but we are conspiracy theorists
 or at least we enjoy conspiracy theories.
 And this one, unfortunately,
 it's whether or not the conspiracy theory England
 is an unfortunate true crime.
 I'm not trying to gloss over that,
 but I thought it would be interesting for us
 to take a look at because we enjoy these topics,
 sometimes people take them too far
 and have other mental issues.
 And the people who really paid for this
 was the two children,
 Kaleo and Roxy and then Abby
 and then everyone who loved those people.
 Matthew Coleman, who cares about that?
 Anyways, I won't cuss on the family episode.
 I won't cuss on this family podcast
 where I just talked about this horrible brutal crime.
 Awful, awful, awful.
 You don't even want to think about it,
 but Audrey, let's go ahead and toss you
 the keys of the carboner copter.
 We are leaving behind Mexico such a sad story
 and we are headed on out to the Volo Godot.
 What a baby named this place.
 You're like, no, Jason, you're just mispronouncing it.
 Volo Godot region in Russia.
 (imitates guitar music)
 In the Volo Godot region in Russia,
 it's August 2nd, 1982.
 Wow, I didn't even plan that.
 That's almost 21 years ago.
 You're like, Jason, Jason, how hot is it in that closet?
 That's not even cool.
 That's like 40 something years ago.
 Anyways, close enough.
 It's 1.15 p.m.
 We're in the Volo Godot region in Russia.
 And there's a young woman, her name is Elle Smirnova.
 She's walking through this birch forest.
 Doot, doot, doot, doot, having a good time?
 I don't know, doesn't actually say what her mood was.
 She could have been deeply depressed.
 But anyways, she's walking through the forest
 and she hears a loud, booming Russian voice.
 Come closer, do not be afraid.
 The equipment is switched off.
 She's like, is that the voice from Gumplet?
 Elle Smirnova needs food, badly.
 She's walking through this forest and she sees a clearing
 and in the clearing is a UFO, a flying saucer,
 typical flying saucer, shiny metal just sitting
 on the ground and she sees like three dudes walking around.
 One of them looks to be a white guy
 and he has dark eyebrows with gray eyes.
 And then standing next to him are these two other dudes
 who look Japanese.
 And the white dude, she said they all looked around 25.
 So she is trying to gauge how attractive they are.
 She said the white dude starts smiling at her
 and then goes, Elk on seal!
 Which apparently some alien thing,
 it's not Russian, she didn't understand it.
 And the two Japanese dudes leave them.
 They go and they walk by the stairs
 that are leading up into the UFO.
 I didn't describe the UFO, I have more stuff about the UFO.
 I'm too caught up in this romantic drama
 we're about to get entangled in.
 The UFO wasn't sitting on the ground so much
 as it had the little landing gear.
 And then it had these stairs, like the door,
 like how you would picture a UFO from a 1950s movie.
 And the stairs going up into the open doorway.
 And she said the door had these intricate designs
 of animals and plants on them.
 It was like this little motif on the door.
 'Cause if you're gonna build a UFO,
 if you're gonna build a vehicle,
 it spends 90% of its time in the dark reaches of space.
 You wanna have a nicely designed door.
 You wanna show off to nothing.
 To the nothingness that lives in the cosmos.
 Elk on Sue!
 All of a sudden, El starts to go,
 oh, oh, she starts getting dizzy and sleepy.
 And she's starting to think, oh no, I'm being hypnotized.
 I'm being hypnotized by this really handsome man
 in the middle of the woods.
 And she starts saying, please don't hypnotize me,
 please, please don't hypnotize me.
 So he stops.
 And then he goes, well, I was gonna hypnotize you,
 but now I guess we'll have a conversation.
 He goes, my name is Oli Khan.
 I am Oli Khan from the planet Sunny.
 S-U-N-N-Y.
 And this is where we really, the story's interesting,
 but this is where you really start to ask questions about it.
 I got this story from ThinkAboutItDocs.com.
 They got it from a magazine called Veer Russia, number 18.
 I couldn't really figure out what that digest was.
 It seems to be maybe some local newspaper
 for the town or province of Veer, T-V-E-R.
 You're shaking your hand,
 that's not how you pronounce it.
 Why do you even go to other countries?
 Anyway, so I don't know what that magazine is,
 but ThinkAboutItDocs.com has never stirred us wrong
 in the past.
 Oli Khan tells this woman, L,
 that he's from the planet Sunny.
 And then the name is changed.
 I think he realized that that was probably
 a dumb name for a planet,
 because then he goes, oh, yeah, no, no, Sunny.
 That's what those dudes need to call it.
 I call it Galeos.
 So there's actually two names for this planet,
 which is weird.
 Like, I guess we have Earth,
 and then sometimes nerds call it Terra,
 but Sunny or Galeos, it's one of the two.
 It's one of the two names.
 So if you're trying to fly to this planet,
 you might get lost.
 Then he said it's about 45 light years away
 in the Ursa Majoris constellation.
 Now he says that they're there in this particular,
 they're having this conversation.
 He goes, the reason why we're here
 in this particular location is we want to investigate
 some nearby atomic weapons.
 And L goes, oh, well, there's none in this area.
 There's no missile silos.
 We're fully aware of that.
 We have to fight back the evil capitalist pigs
 of the United States.
 And Alican goes, well, they actually are nuclear weapons here.
 He said about three kilometers away,
 there's an underground bunker full of nuclear weapons.
 At that point, she's like three kilometers away.
 That's where my house is.
 He then pulls out a beige colored clock dial.
 (imitates clock)
 And he begins to present holograms of her brain.
 She's able to see her brain and she sees regions
 of it are mapped out in green and red.
 It's very Christmassy.
 And after looking at a hologram of her brain,
 he doos, shuts off the device,
 doesn't shut off her brain.
 And he goes, quote, we will talk to you.
 You have a good memory.
 You don't smoke or drink alcohol, unquote.
 So if you've ever thought about it,
 you're a fan of alien encounters
 and you have either of those vices, stop it.
 Stop doing that stuff, stop smoking and drinking
 because someday you may mate an alien from the planet's honey.
 He begins to quiz her, which we see a lot.
 A lot of times humans don't have time to ask questions
 'cause these aliens are asking so many questions.
 He's asking the weird stuff like,
 what do humans know about water?
 She's like, well, I mean, there's two thirds of it.
 We have the most in the solar system.
 He wanted to know about all the elements,
 what we know about water, fire, sky and earth.
 He asked, oh, what's the meaning of the universe?
 She's just sitting there and he's like, oh wait,
 oh wait, we'll just sit here on this rock
 until we figure it out.
 He starts to ask, does she believe in God?
 Does she read the Bible?
 She says she was a Christian and she worshiped Jesus.
 To which Alican, the space alien, responded,
 Jesus, quote, was the man, unquote.
 I don't know if that's the equivalent of being like,
 oh, he's the man.
 Or if it was saying that Jesus, yeah,
 that's the right guy, I don't know for sure.
 But he also said that our religious life,
 like just all of our religions in general,
 these guidelines were necessary,
 but just in the beginning,
 which is kind of an interesting alien look at it.
 Like all of the, maybe these religious rules
 that our societies follow,
 they're created in different ways all over the world,
 but these religious rules are created,
 but someday we move past them.
 I don't know.
 He begins to show her maps.
 They're having a long conversation here.
 He shows her a map of the ancient world
 and then the world of how it is today.
 When he's showing her the map,
 and these are our electronic maps,
 he's now rolling out these paper maps.
 When he's showing her these maps,
 he shows her these massive mineral deposits
 and unearthed riches in the modern world.
 He also said there's three undiscovered elements
 on the planet Earth that humans don't know about yet.
 They're here, here, and here.
 Pulled that one from behind her ear, and here you are.
 It's already active, she's all melting.
 No, there's apparently three undiscovered elements
 we haven't discovered yet.
 And this is where we start to get
 into some really interesting stuff.
 Oli Khan then went on to say that in the year 2050,
 there's gonna be massive climate change.
 It's gonna ravage the world.
 Floods, hurricanes, tornadoes, snowstorms,
 islands would disappear,
 all coastal cities would be underwater.
 So if you're big, if you're big in a windsurfing,
 2050 is the year to be here.
 He also says that life is eternal.
 I like this one, but there's also a little catch this one.
 Life is eternal, it just kind of flows through the universe.
 Life, the soul force, simply transfers
 from one form of energy into another,
 and then to another, and to another, and it's endless.
 But not for everyone does this happen.
 So that's a really interesting, again,
 a little tidbit here.
 We're really kind of analyzing this,
 because on the one hand you could go, oh, hell, right?
 Someone who broke the religious code,
 someone who didn't believe in the truth.
 Their soul does not continue to travel through the universe.
 They go to hell.
 You could also go, no, enlightenment.
 You transfer forever through the universe,
 and then eventually you've been everywhere
 and you are then enlightened and you go somewhere else,
 or simply obliterated.
 What else is there?
 You've ascended, you've experienced everything,
 or those are both kind of older theories,
 or you could say NPCs, the current, relatively new,
 couple-year-old conspiracy theory.
 There are a lot of people out there
 who are non-player characters who don't have a soul.
 They are simply moving about society,
 and they don't have the life force
 that the rest of us have.
 One thing I thought was interesting,
 and this guy's dropping knowledge,
 dude, this guy's dropping bombs.
 Not literally, he's not dropping atomic bombs.
 He says that a lot of the UFOs we see are remote controlled,
 which is back in 1982, remote control obviously was a thing,
 but it's not as popular as with drones are today,
 but he goes, most UFOs you see are not piloted by life forms.
 Most of them are remote controlled.
 They're on the other side of the moon,
 there's a base on the dark side of the moon,
 there's a base over there, so I'm not gonna,
 he didn't give an actual statistic like nine out of 10,
 he just says most of them.
 Most of the UFOs you see,
 if they crash there'd be nothing on board,
 which wouldn't make sense.
 The risk is much lower to be discovered,
 the chances of losing an entire experienced crew is zero,
 if they're on a base somewhere and they're flying the UFO.
 Like, because drone technology has advanced so much,
 you would have to assume that alien drone technology
 would be light literal light years ahead of us.
 It wouldn't make sense to put three tiny people on a ship,
 on a crowded little ship and shoot them across the cosmos.
 You could shoot them across the cosmos,
 but then they set up a base on Mars
 and they use that to interact with us,
 sending little UFOs down.
 He ends his conversation with this,
 he says that on his planet,
 there's a population of 200 million people.
 There's no skyscrapers, all the buildings are pretty level,
 we'll get into that,
 that's a really important detail in a second.
 He says there's no starvation because they all eat albumin,
 which I oughta look that up.
 It's egg white, that's their entire diet is egg white.
 And he goes, they make it, they have this process
 that they can make tons of albumin in one minute.
 They don't need a ton of chicken,
 they're like step one, get 10 trillion chickens.
 No, they can mass produce this albumin and they eat it.
 That's the only food they need.
 I'm sure they probably make it tastier,
 like putting spices in it and make it shaped like a chicken
 and then eat it, who knows?
 Maybe they do, but it doesn't matter,
 that's all they eat, it doesn't matter what it looks like.
 It's still egg white.
 And he goes, there's no starvation.
 And he offers L, the recipe.
 He goes, how would you like to be able
 to make tons of albumin in a minute?
 And she refuses, she's like, that's so disgusting.
 That's so gross.
 Even though I live in the Soviet Union in 1982,
 I would rather stand in a bread line
 than just eat egg white.
 That's pretty much the end of the conversation.
 He does say, I'll see you again every four years.
 And they did return in 1986, 1990 and 1994.
 It's a typical alien story.
 We have kind of a communication of ideas.
 You have her kind of being shocked
 by the presence of these guys, very typical.
 The reason why I wanted to cover it
 is not for all that stuff.
 It is interesting, I always think it's interesting
 when aliens talk about religion.
 It seems like such a man-made thing,
 but we see all these stories
 that make us think of something else.
 But what if aliens are dumb is the point of this story?
 'Cause I saved some stuff here for the end.
 We kind of sprinkled it on throughout.
 But the, I still, I think science,
 I think science is wrong.
 I think you could have undiscovered elements out there.
 I do.
 I think that we don't know what we don't know.
 It's a phrase I use a lot in my personal life.
 We don't know what we don't know.
 But then there's stuff that this alien says
 that is knowably false.
 It's absolutely not true.
 So let's go back to when he said
 that the buildings on his planet were not skyscrapers.
 He's talking about climate change.
 He's talking about the elements.
 He's talking about life being eternal,
 flowing through the universe.
 He also says that we are a lopsided part
 of a lopsided planet.
 He tells this woman in 1982, listen lady,
 I know you're just some girl walking through the woods,
 but you have a serious problem you need to address.
 People have built buildings on the wrong side of the planet.
 So because we have skyscrapers
 and they're not evenly spread out,
 like our civilizations tend to be along the coastlines
 and along rivers,
 we've actually unbalanced the world.
 The buildings are making the world wobble a little too much
 and it's actually gonna make the earth.
 If you don't, lady, if you don't
 in the middle of the woods and Russia fix this,
 if you guys keep building cities
 and the population keeps growing,
 the planet earth is actually going to fly out of orbit.
 It's actually gonna get so wobbly.
 You're like fine, you're putting the last rivet
 in this new building, they're like hand me that rivet Tony.
 Finally, this building is done,
 (imitates popping)
 and then all of a sudden,
 (imitates popping)
 the next thing you know, we're orbiting Jupiter.
 That is not possible.
 I don't even think I have to explain the science
 of why that's not possible, but I will
 because I actually think it's super interesting.
 Everything on this planet is from this planet.
 Like when we build a massive skyscraper,
 all that stuff is from the planet.
 We're not adding anything to the planet
 or taking anything away.
 We're just building this skyscraper.
 And I did an episode on this a long time ago
 'cause I was curious about this, I had to look it up.
 The earth gets heavier every single year
 by tons, gets heavier every single year
 through space dust and meteorite impacts.
 So the world gets heavier and bigger every year.
 It doesn't matter what we do as far as building the stuff.
 It's interesting because as he, so on his planet,
 there's no uneven buildings.
 All everything was perfectly mapped out.
 So their planet didn't go wobbling off into the cosmos.
 If we keep building along coastal lines,
 and it's not, I keep saying skyscraper,
 it's not even only the size of the buildings.
 Like that's part of it, but just if you have
 too many even small buildings on one side of the planet,
 the planet's gonna flat out orbit.
 People forget how massive earth is.
 That's the thing with the flat earth theory.
 They go way up and they're like, I don't see the curve.
 The earth is so huge.
 Like even just the size of the earth
 can be mind boggling sometimes.
 What's interesting is if coastal,
 he talked about the climate change,
 if the coastal cities are wiped out in 2050,
 that'll actually reset the clock.
 'Cause all of that coastal buildings,
 all of those uneven cities will actually save.
 So he's saying climate change is good.
 So take that YouTube, take that YouTube algorithm
 that's gonna hear me say climate change is good
 and do something funky to this video.
 He also says that, you know, when he was showing the,
 I left this part out 'cause I wanted to add it to the end.
 He said when he was showing the map of the ancient world,
 he said the pyramids were built
 with the assistance of aliens.
 In fact, it wasn't just myself.
 I'm not 10,000 years old.
 Wasn't just our alien race.
 There were five different star systems worth of aliens.
 They all came down to build these pyramids.
 But the pyramids exude an ionized poison.
 So you can't go near them.
 If you're around the pyramids too long,
 it'll kill both humans and aliens
 'cause they're just these powerful aliens.
 That's not true.
 That's not true.
 Now, if you told somebody that in 1982, Russia,
 it might, I mean, there weren't bumpkins
 that might've raised an eyebrow or three
 'cause she's living near that radioactive bomb factory.
 But that's not true.
 Like there are, I'm not saying there's like
 people living right next to the pyramids,
 but there are people who make their job,
 their tour guides around the pyramids.
 They're not mutants.
 They're not ionized poisonous freaks
 unless that's the biggest cover up of all.
 Maybe I've exposed the biggest conspiracy.
 I just dropped the ultimate red pill, the pyramid pill.
 So it's an issue.
 This story is just kind of interesting to look at
 because the aliens fly away and she has this information.
 She passes it on to the journalist
 and we have this story.
 She wrote, "What if aliens arang?"
 Aliens are interesting
 'cause it's the one paranormal phenomenon
 that we assume is smarter than us.
 Like sure, people look to angels and demons for guidance.
 Well, people look to demons for shortcuts.
 People look to demons for shortcuts
 'cause they wanna get rich and famous
 and they don't have any of that Serban DNA in them.
 They weren't lucky enough to have that made up thing
 put inside their body.
 So they'll turn to demonic forces
 to become rich and famous.
 They'll look for shortcuts.
 People talk to angels for protection.
 But ghosts, people even when they're like talking to ghosts
 maybe they'll wanna know the future
 but no one's ever like using a Ouija board
 to find the answer to some equation
 or to find the cure for cancer
 or to do something like,
 which they should know that the thing about it,
 we did cover the soul phone.
 The people who were trying to build the phone,
 we'll put that episode in the show notes.
 Every time I say that phrase,
 it costs me five extra minutes at work.
 Guys, I have to go pull up the episode
 but the soul phone,
 they were trying to get this phone built
 so they could talk to the dead
 and to help with scientific advances.
 But for the most part,
 go start to spooky people who hang out in your closets
 and stand in dark hallways.
 Bigfoot is just a big old dummy
 trying to hook up with some dudes at Cock Rock in Oregon.
 You know what I mean?
 Cryptids are just these monsters.
 Aliens are the ones we assume are smarter than ourselves.
 And it's interesting because it is,
 it does have a bit of the demonic in it
 that we want them to solve our problems.
 There's people who believe aliens
 are gonna invade the planet
 but there's a lot of alien enthusiasts
 who believe they're gonna save the planet.
 They're gonna help cure us,
 they're gonna bring us together.
 In a good way,
 we become part of the space brotherhood.
 It's a shortcut.
 'Cause we can't do it ourselves.
 We can't do it ourselves, right?
 We can't see past each other's differences
 and we can't hold each other's hands
 with people that we absolutely hate
 and realize that all of this stuff
 is so fleeting, what's the point?
 Let's be together now.
 We can't do that.
 We can't do that as a people.
 We can't do that as cultures.
 So aliens can do it.
 It's a shortcut, it's a shortcut.
 We don't wanna do it ourselves.
 But what if they're wrong?
 Like what if they are wrong?
 The uneven city thing just is scientifically invalid.
 It's an interesting story
 because what he's saying is false.
 And we put a lot of faith in these aliens
 to come down and save us.
 And we covered recently,
 like what if aliens are demonic?
 What if they're trying to take over the world?
 What if it's not even that sinister?
 What if they're just as dumb as we are sometimes?
 They just give bad advice.
 What if a fleet of UFOs came down tomorrow
 and said this stuff?
 You'll find these undiscovered elements.
 Life is eternal.
 Move your cities around or the world's gonna go full.
 How would people take that?
 They clearly are smarter than us.
 They have this fleet of UFOs.
 They've descended from the heavens.
 They're clearly more technologically advanced from us.
 Would we as a species be smart enough to go, you're wrong?
 Like you may be smarter than us in some stuff,
 but that's not true.
 We know your planet may be wobbly.
 It's funny, I said, well, we do, we know the answer.
 Most people would acquiesce to the aliens.
 They go, well, they must know more than us.
 Let's start changing the way we build cities.
 And that would be the least of my worries, right?
 Imagine if they go, these aliens, no way more than us.
 They have all this advanced technology.
 They've shown us where these riches are.
 We haven't found these undiscovered elements yet,
 but they've shown us where these riches are.
 We've moved our cities and everything seems to be great.
 They also only have a population of 200 million.
 We're seven billion.
 They know more than us.
 Maybe that's the correct thing to do as well.
 Sometimes when we listen to the so-called
 smartest people in the room,
 we end up making the dumbest and deadliest decisions.
 DeadRabbitRadio@gmail.com is gonna be our email address.
 You can also hit us up at facebook.com/deadrabbitradio.
 TikTok is @deadrabbitradio.
 DeadRabbitradio is the daily
 paranormal conspiracy and true crime podcast.
 You don't have to listen to it every day.
 I'm glad you listened to it today.
 Have a great weekend, guys.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
