 Would you be willing to play a video game that if you died, you die?
 And then we end season 19 with a terrifying look at our possible future.
 We always hear stories about the great reset, an idea that eventually we will be forced
 to eat bugs and be happy about it.
 Well, what if things are actually worse than that?
 What if it's not bugs that we'll be forced to eat?
 You knew this would end the season.
 What if it's not bugs that we will be forced to eat?
 What if we have to eat poop today on Dead Rabbit Radio?
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host Jason Garbiner, I'm having a great day.
 I hope you guys are having a great day too.
 We got a ton of stuff to cover.
 We got a bunch of announcements too.
 So let's get started right away for the last episode of season 19.
 Walking into Dead Rabbit Command right now was our newest Patreon supporter.
 He's carrying a spear and a shield.
 I don't know, maybe he's just carrying a 32 on sprite.
 Walking into Dead Rabbit Command, everyone give it up for Harun Shaik.
 Everyone's like, "Dude, learn how to pronounce people's names.
 I'm trying.
 Harun, you're going to be our captain or pilot this episode.
 If you guys can't support the Patreon, I totally understand that I do.
 Just help spread the word about Dead Rabbit Radio.
 That helps out so much.
 If you get any value from this show, please help the show grow."
 This is also the last episode of season 19.
 I'm going to be taking a break until December 1st.
 So I hope you guys stick around until the break's over.
 I'm hoping you play some Dying Light.
 I just got that game on a steam sale not too long ago.
 I'm a huge fan of Dead Island, so I think it's like Dead Island, but faster and spookier.
 We'll find out.
 But even though I'm not coming out with brand new episodes until December 1st, on November
 24th at 12 p.m. Pacific Standard Time, we will be doing our annual Thanksgiving livestream
 special.
 I hope you guys are able to join us for that.
 Listen, I get it if you can't.
 It's a huge holiday.
 You guys are out doing stuff as well.
 But if you do have some free time, stop on by November 24th, 12 p.m. Pacific Standard
 Time.
 It's always been fun.
 We've done a lot of these.
 We'll for them.
 Or this will be the fourth one.
 Over the years, that's a lot of fun.
 And lastly, before we get the episode started, there's a billion cars driving by today.
 I don't know why it's so busy and I'm recording in my living room again.
 But before we get started, one more thing.
 Let's take a look at this submission for Fanart Friday.
 Look at this little bunny.
 This little bunny man.
 It's technically a dead wrap radio logo.
 It's not a man.
 But this was sent to me by Lyssa on the Patreon Discord.
 I love it.
 I love these little sketches.
 It never stops humbling me when I see people take time out of their day to do a little
 sketch.
 That's really cool.
 Or just even to listen.
 People constantly sending me emails that they listen to the show during their work or during
 their commute or while they're washing the dishes.
 That's really cool.
 That's honestly really cool because that's how I enjoy podcasts.
 And it's cool that I'm part of that day for you.
 I really, really enjoy it.
 And that's why I keep doing this show.
 Haroon.
 Let's go ahead and get this episode started.
 This episode I'm really excited about.
 This is some cool stuff here.
 Haroon.
 I'm going to touch the keys to the Jason Jalopy.
 We're leaving behind Dead Rabbit Command.
 Take us all the way out to an eSports arena.
 Haroon pulls up outside of this arena and he's like, "Is this the place?"
 And I'm like, "No, this is an actual sport being played.
 There's football going on in there.
 Keep driving.
 We need to find an eSports arena."
 So he's driving.
 He gets to a college campus and there's like a little room off to the side and we see people
 walking in with their laptops and they're like, "This LAN party is going to be great.
 Doom emulators for all."
 And I'm like, "Nope.
 Nope.
 We're not going here either."
 And you're like, "What?
 Where are we going?"
 And those guys definitely were the definition of an eSports.
 In 1999, Jason, who's still having LAN parties.
 How old are you?
 Okay.
 Come on.
 Get back in the car.
 Haroon.
 This isn't the right eSports arena.
 Keep driving.
 So he's driving through the city and we pass like all these other arenas.
 And finally, he pulls up to this auto mechanics garage.
 I was like, "Here's the place."
 Apparently, I turned into a prospect.
 They're all of a sudden, "Here's the place.
 This is where the gold be."
 So we walk into this mechanics shop and there seems to be no one around.
 And I was like, "It's pretty clever.
 It's pretty clever hiding spot, isn't this?
 I saw this on an episode of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and I hit a button and all
 of a sudden the lift that lifts the car up, it lifts up and now you see there's like a
 staircase descending under the ground, which seemed great on an episode of Teenage Mutant
 Ninja Turtles.
 But now that I think about it, it's kind of a different story.
 I think it's a bit of a dead giveaway because people would be like, "Hey, can you work on
 my car?"
 And they're like, "No."
 You're like, "There's a lift right there.
 Just lift it up.
 Use my car.
 Fix it."
 And they're like, "No."
 Because there's a hidden passageway down there built by Baxter Stockman.
 We go down this staircase and we hear this, "Oh yeah.
 Woo, go yeah.
 Woo."
 We're like, "What in the world was that?"
 We keep walking down the stairs and we keep hearing like, "Yeah, yeah.
 Place your bets.
 Place your bets.
 Who's going to win this time?"
 Yeah, yeah.
 And we walk into this massive underground eSports arena.
 We see two teams.
 They're both maybe 32 people in each team.
 Pretty standard for first person shooter, player versus player.
 Hold on.
 I got to move my studio back into the closet.
 Yeah, I moved it out last night.
 I was hoping to record it out here.
 But apparently, Autobots and Decepticons are fighting in the front yard.
 It's so loud here.
 So give me a second.
 Okay, sorry about that.
 That was super annoying.
 It's like every car in the neighborhood decided to test out their snow tires on dry roads
 today.
 That's why everything is so loud out there in the living room.
 We're in this underground eSports arena.
 We see on opposite sides of the room two different teams.
 And there's about 32 players on each team and they're playing a first person shooter.
 But seated all around them.
 This really is like a sports arena.
 We see the rich and powerful and the dark and mysterious as well.
 Not Darth Vader, not Darth Vader, although he fits both of those descriptions.
 Well this isn't just any old eSports.
 I'm sure you could have guessed that the fact that we had to walk through an underground
 tunnel in a hidden passageway in a mechanics shop.
 This isn't any old regular old League of Legends nonsense.
 This is truly a one of a kind event.
 It is a gaming competition where if your character dies in the game, your head blows
 up.
 Can you go chase him?
 Yes, I'm sure this is possible like in science fiction.
 I've seen tons of stuff with this in it.
 From the lawnmower man to the lawnmower man too.
 The idea of dying in the video game makes you die in real life.
 Well it was a work of fiction until just recently.
 Well to be fair it still is a work of fiction.
 The situation I laid out has not happened yet.
 But recently Shananigans, a long time supporter of the show, Shananigans on Twitter sent me
 this article about this man named Palmer Lucky.
 Palmer Lucky.
 If anyone sounds like a character from a Philip K Dick novel, it's this guy.
 Palmer Lucky, apparently he's the co-founder of the Oculus, the VR headset.
 He also has defense contracts and he has created a VR headset that has three bombs in it.
 Right now he says this is kind of a piece of art sitting around the office but he's
 constructed this.
 He goes, the idea is it's a VR headset that if you die in the game you die in real life.
 You go why would anyone invent this?
 Why would anyone invent this?
 Well apparently he's a big fan of an anime called Sword Art Online and the premise of
 that show is people put on VR headsets and they get teleported to this completely realistic
 VR world.
 It's not realistic, I guess there's dragons and stuff, little talking mushrooms.
 But you think that you're actually in this world but in the real world you're hooked
 up to this VR system and if you die in the video game you die in real life.
 He's a big fan of that and he goes, you know what?
 I used to be a big fan of Godzilla.
 I irradiated a bunch of iguanas that didn't do anything.
 Maybe I'll be a big fan of this cartoon.
 Maybe I should invent something that will kill you if you die in the game.
 And you're going, why would anyone, even if someone's a big fan of something.
 I mean there's two elements to it.
 One you die in the game.
 Two the game is awesome enough to want to take the risk of dying.
 The Sword Art Online world is so vivid that it's worth that risk.
 If you're hooked up to this headset you're playing Medal of Honor for the PS2.
 I mean that's not worth it, right?
 But imagine if you could go to a virtual world that was so beautiful and everything was amazing
 and it was everything that the real world isn't.
 Would you risk your head blowing up?
 You might be shaking your head no but remember talking mushrooms, talking mushrooms.
 You have those guys as well.
 He's invented this and he goes, listen there are a few things I need to work out.
 There are a few glitches I need to work out with this bomb you strapped to your head.
 He goes first off, we'd have to make it so the charges don't accidentally go off.
 Which is yes, that's a pretty big problem when you're dealing with bombs.
 He goes, the way I envision it is that the bombs will detonate when a specific frequency
 of red flashing lights appears in the game.
 That'll cause the bomb to go off.
 So that way you could have it for different video games.
 The developer of the video game would know the frequency that would be game over.
 Not just the frequency of somebody flashing a flashlight in your face.
 You're just floating around neopets and some dudes like click click click click and your
 head blows up.
 You could trigger it to be a specific frequency of red lights.
 That's the first thing he has to get that thing done.
 He goes secondly, the game world and then the kind of what I was saying he goes you
 would have to have a game world that was so vivid and so amazing that yes it would be
 risky it would be worth the rest to get your head blown off.
 Like otherwise when you put the goggles on if you are playing like Chester Cheetah's
 jail break out that you got free when you ordered a pizza had pizza.
 Obviously that would be the most stressful platformer you'd ever played but you would
 know when that prickly cactus was shooting its thorns at you that you're not really
 in danger.
 I mean you are you do have a bomb strap to your head but in the game world you would
 just be like oh that's just a guy shooting sprites at me.
 Now that would be the last thought you had as your head disintegrates into a pile of
 blood brain matter skull and half chewed pizza.
 He goes the game would have to be indistinguishable from reality to make it all fit.
 It is something that I think game designers are working towards and what's funny is that
 I would love a system like this.
 Not necessarily my brain blowing up but when I play Minecraft I play in hardcore mode and
 that's where when you die your whole world gets erased and I'll drop like 30-40 hours
 into a one world and I like find a village and I build a wall around it and I do all
 this stuff and then I make up missions for myself.
 I'd be like oh I must go find a treasure chest so I'm walking around and I basically
 play in this Minecraft game which is okay to be fair for me making fun of League of
 Legends multiple times.
 I get it Minecrafts for babies but I love Minecraft.
 I play in the hardcore mode and then I put 30-40 hours into a single world and then Creeper
 blows me up and it makes the impact so monumental.
 So I get like the need for it.
 He has a quote he goes quote "Pumped up graphics may make a game look more real but only the
 threat of serious consequences can make a game feel real to you and every other person in
 the game."
 And I do agree with that.
 I would love the idea of a game that if you died in it the game is deleted.
 Like you have to buy another copy of the game.
 I think that would be great.
 I think it would be great if you had a first person shooter and if you die in the game
 there's then like a 5-10 minute unskippable cutscene of the army going to your wife's
 house and knocking on the door and you see her sobbing and then they cut to a scene of
 a mom.
 It's actually your mom before you play the game.
 You have to get digital photos of everyone you know and your mom's like no not my son
 no.
 And then there's like a full there's a full length funeral and it would really make the
 dying in the game be more consequential.
 Imagine GTA but you get a car accident and the cops arrest you they're like that's it
 we're gonna find you $1,000 we take all your weapons and you can't play this game for the
 next 10 days.
 Palmer Lucky says as far as he knows this has never been done before but the genie is
 out of the bottle.
 And this would be awesome for the Illuminati that we talk about we recently did an episode
 on this guy named Donald Marshall who talked about underground gladiator combats and they
 use clones and he fought Mick Jagger and Brendan Fraser stabbed him in the intestines and
 all this stuff.
 They were clones by the way if you're a huge Brendan Fraser fan don't give up on him it
 was his clone but he believes that celebrities from around the world have killed him and
 the gladiator and this cloned gladiator arena and as foolish as that is what you're really
 doing in essence is you're taking two people you're giving them weapons and then you're
 like fight fight to the death and then you as a businessman standing about 20 feet from
 them or sitting in some arena as these two people you've kidnapped are hacking at each
 other with swords now we've all watched enough movies where you have the two people being
 like you know what we're the ones with the swords they're just some rich guy in a suit
 let's team up and we can hack our way out of here and all of a sudden the guys like
 no no don't kill me I'm from Wall Street and the two guys start a slave revolution.
 Just them it's revolution of two but it works.
 You would think that right you would always you'd basically be getting these trained fighters
 and locking them up and being like you will fight to the death until you become too weak
 to fight anymore and then you will die and then the prisoners like or or you just start
 beating you up now and I'm assuming they'd also have goons with guns the Illuminati people
 have goons with guns and around but my point is is that you can do it like that you can
 have people place wagers but when you look at something like the squid game that's squid
 game show they had to build these massive sets massive sets and even when you had like I
 think it started off with like 460 people they did have guards with guns but you could easily
 have these uprisings but imagine if the squid games with just people with bombs on their
 heads playing playing squid game mods on roblox and they're like all the controls totally
 suck what are you talking about oh man my keyboard stuck and their heads are just blowing up
 I totally could see that happening I could totally see some sort of underground group
 forcing people to fight to the death but instead of giving them weapons and you figured this
 would even the battlefield like imagine if a super buff dude got kidnapped and then
 next to him got kidnapped to scientists and he's like oh man never worked out my muscles
 except for my brain obviously I mean is a when you're betting you're gonna be like
 this is a joke I'm gonna bet on the buff dude but if everyone was in a VR world and
 they died it would be more even playing field I mean obviously the nerd would have an advantage
 there but a fascinating thing he says that this is the first time as far as he knows
 they've been invented I'm sure there have been other versions of this okay I guess I
 can't say I'm sure it is pretty science science fiction even now that the cats out of the bag
 I can see people going make us 64 of these we're gonna hold a tournament and whoever
 sucks at this first person shooter their brains blow up although now that I think about it
 you you would imagine the you imagine the Illuminati would have better things to do than
 hosting these type of summits and actually that's a great segue into our next story Haroon
 let's go ahead and toss you the keys to the carpenter copter we're taking it out one more
 time this season flies away from this gladiator arena there's only one dude left with his
 brains intact he's the winner he's covered in brains you imagine playing a first person
 video game with a VR headset on and you know it's to the death and when another player
 like the guy sitting at the computer next to you when he died you're playing a game
 right you have a perfect sniper position and then all of a sudden two feet away you hear
 a BAM and you're just covered in brain matter like it would totally freak you out that would
 be the worst possible thing I guess the worst possible thing would be the guy sitting next
 to you with no head that would be the worst but the second worst possible thing is you're
 trying to not die and all of a sudden you're just getting covered that loud explosion you're
 getting covered in brains and guts and gore I just had to leave you with that last horrible
 image Haroon take this carpenter copter away from this arena we're flying all the way out
 to a weightlifting gym there's a company called fit biomex they probably mispronounce in that
 it's probably fit by oh I don't know is there another way to pronounce anyways fit biomex
 is closer to probably what it is there's a company called fit biomex and and that fit
 biomex they have this new product invented by dr. Jonathan shyman it's called Nella
 it's not a bad name right remind you of Nutella well be prepared to not eat any more Nutella
 after shyman he has invented this thing called the Nella he goes here's the thing I've discovered
 through my research that to be a super athlete it's more than just your training it's more
 than just your diet it's even more than just your genetics a large part of it is also your
 gut biome so then we're standing there in this weightlifting gym and we see this muscle
 bound dude like doing all these reps he's like oh yeah look at me look at me he definitely
 has some issues he's like life doesn't matter unless people look at me he's left on all these
 weights he's like look at me and dr. shyman goes have you guys ever wanted to be as thick
 and muscular as this dude here take this pill I've invented it's called Nella he's holding
 this pill out to us and on the one hand yeah sure would be awesome to be this total buff
 dude who has issues with people paying attention to one but on the other hand hey doc didn't
 you just say something about gut biome like trying to figure out like how athletes and
 their what's inside their guts is actually helping them out and as you're asking that
 question I put my hand up over my mouth I'm like as you're asking that question he flicks
 the pill in your throat you're like uh uh if you take the Nella you can actually become
 an elite athlete now Nella before you get too excited for you run to the store you're
 like oh I got a marathon coming up can I get one box of Nella let me tell you what's in
 it what he does and this is what he discovered he said he drove around Boston for two weeks
 eight hours a day he's driving around Boston he's collecting stool samples from elite runners
 and what he realized was if you look at elite runners they have this thing called well I
 guess most people have it it's called bacterium vellanella atypica and he goes when you look
 at elite runners they have very very high consistently high levels of this bacterium
 he said a normal person this spikes during exertion and this is one of the reasons why
 your muscles get sore but if I took the stool samples from these elite athletes he didn't
 tell them he just snuck into their house late at night he's all hiding in the closet waiting
 till they go to bed and then he crawls out in the darkness with a little spoon with a
 little wooden spoon a taster spoon from Baskin Robbins go up in their butthole he realized
 that they have this in them they have a lot of this bacterium vellanella atypica and this
 is part of being an elite athlete he injected this bacterium into mice and what can only
 be described as the funniest and cruelest experiment he injected this bacterium into
 mice and they were able to run 13 percent longer than normal so I mean that's something
 you give the intern to do right I'm sure Dr. Shyam is like no no I want to inject them
 I did all the work I get to have all the fun he's injecting it into the mice but then you
 make your intern just watch two mice run two mice run around on these wheels they're like
 tell me how long the one with the gut biome stuff tell me how much more he runs and then
 he goes out on another fecal gathering mission so if you take a mice who's injected with
 this he could run 13 times longer now others go you know sure the science might be there
 we do know that your gut biome is a huge part of who you are they say 90 percent of the
 body serotonin gets produced by your gut bacteria I think it's really interesting when people
 go I have a craving for sugar I have a craving for that that's all your gut bacteria if you've
 ever gone a couple days without sugar because I very rarely have sugar but it's weird when
 I do have sugar then the next three days I'm craving it because all the flora in your stomach
 is there it pops up when you eat sugar and it's sending signals to your brain going eat
 more sugar eat more sugar because if it doesn't get sugar it dies off the whole life form in
 your stomach it's almost like a parasite in there and it's controlling you and that's
 why when you start overeating it's hard to stop and you have food addicts it's different
 where you're like a gambling addict that's like a serotonin thing in your brain or your
 heroin addict that's the heroin interacting with the dopamine receptors in your brain
 food addiction sugar addiction is actually a new life form in your stomach developing
 and then releasing chemicals into the bloodstream saying feed us feed us and you're building
 up this new life form in your stomach and when you stop eating sugar like it takes three
 days for this life form to completely die out then it will stop sending the signals because
 it's dead it can no longer talk to you it's totally different it's super weird the addiction
 to food is different there's a new life form in you trying to get you to eat more of what
 it needs fascinating stuff so we know the gut biome is super important but he's saying
 you can take this Nella and you now have the gut biome or you take it regularly of course
 there's a monthly subscription for $59 a box which you can either go wow that's really
 low to be an elite athlete or wow that's really high to eat someone else's poop but you can
 get a monthly subscription of Nella and they're saying that if you take this you will be able
 to run longer than normal I'm sure I'm sure that's not the only thing on the box because
 otherwise you're like I know I'm good I don't run that much anyways but I saw that and I
 go okay the this the VR brain thing that's something that I could see in a sci-fi movie
 and then I could see someone building it in real life if you wanted to have real life
 gladiator combat this would be the way to do it it'd be the safest way I mean not for
 the participants but for you or could just be a novelty this one this is really being
 produced and it is a performance enhancing supplement imagine a world where if you want
 to compete in sports you have to eat human poop because everyone else is eating human
 poop now to be very clear to be very clear 20 30 minutes into talking about this he is
 not selling I guess I should clear this up for the lawsuit for the inevitable lawsuit
 he is not selling pills of human poop I keep human poop I also accuse this guy of hiding
 in people's closets with tiny wooden spoons and taking their poop out without their knowledge
 that's just hearsay your honor that's just hearsay I heard it in my own head and then
 I said it he's not selling pills of human poop but he's selling pills of this bacterium
 cocktail but in essence I mean tomato tomato right you're taking a pill that at one point
 this bacteria was in some dude's butthole now maybe once I said that I go game it's
 not that maybe he cultured this bacteria right once he knows what it is he could then bring
 more of it in his laboratory but I would still argue in this upcoming defamation case that
 if you this is a philosophers question right if you took a piece of poop out of a man's
 butthole and then isolated a small piece of that poop and then use that small piece of
 poop to create a chemical are you still not eating a man's poop are you still not that
 was the origin point are you still not eating something that came out of some other dudes
 but now I'm not a runner I don't run for nothing but if I was a runner I would be thinking
 well everyone else in the race is eating human poop why why aren't I there's some guy there's
 some guy just scooping it up he's like what oh you're supposed to think this is in a form
 of a pill this is a supplement that you could see almost you having to take if you are doing
 any sorts of sports at all you're going up against people who are eating human poop and
 you're not there's a lot of stuff that we would never do if we were forced to no one
 no one would want to live in a society where people go you gotta eat this poop it'll make
 you work harder do it I work at best by how hard do I have to work I'd have to eat human
 poop but if it's voluntary right it's voluntary this is something that you could see athletes
 going if I want to compete at an elite level I gotta eat the poop I almost feel like this
 isn't a social issue or a science issue it feels I don't I know I tossed a word around
 demonic I know I toss a word demonic around a lot on this show but it sounds like something
 that is so anti-human to eat something that came from fecal matter now I have to be very
 very clear I am going to go and check and and see because now I'm thinking about it
 now that I accused Dr. Scheinman of hiding people's closets taking stool samples without
 their permission getting enjoyment out of injecting fecal matter into mice I'm starting
 to think I'm starting to think of something here there's going to be two things one I
 either in the episode going is it possible we'll live in a world where people aren't
 taking fecal matter fecal matter to win sports but really they're enacting some sort of ancient
 right to an old pagan god like really this is what it sounds like devouring fecal matter
 is that's like belphagore there's a demon who loves poop and every time you use the
 toilet I believe his name is belphagore I'll double check that but you every time you go
 poop you're basically worshiping him and this sounds almost like a demonic plot and people
 having like this is really what it comes down with deals with the devil right you can train
 hard and you can do your best but eventually everyone else in your sport is taking human
 poop now you have to make a deal with the devil are you going to stick up for yourself
 and say you know what I run for the enjoyment I don't run to win so I don't want to eat
 human poop that's what a deal or you know I am going to eat poop I'm going to eat poop
 to win that's really what a deal with the devil is you're making you're compromising
 your own idea of what it means to be human and somewhat argue what means to be fair in
 sports you're eating human fecal matter to become a better athlete and that sounds like
 a demonic pact you're giving away a bit of your humanity for a simple contest something
 that's meaningless on the grand scale of things but you're eating poop to do it and all the
 while this great demon is watching all of this with glee while the world became more
 sanitized as we cleaned up the streets from just logs of poop rolling down the open sewers
 of London to a world that's so sanitized that kids get peanut allergies because they're
 not getting exposed to germs and bacterium that they normally are in childhood we've
 come a long way in a very short period of time any sort of demonic entity that fed off
 of filth and disease would be losing power but now in the guise of a pill that makes
 you a better athlete people are willingly ingesting fecal matter this demon who had
 been slowly but steadily losing influence over the world is now in its own way being
 worshipped when people are taking the Nella pill they're not like this is for you grand
 demon of fecal matter globe but in a way they're doing that sacrament it's more than that it's
 more than that throughout all human history people hated waste product but now they're
 willingly eating it and so is this the return of this belphagore type character this demon
 who lives in the waste waters a demon that lives in the filth you're taking the sacrament
 just like you were taking the Lord's Supper taking the consecrated wafer and a little
 bit of wine could this be his way back to power if you want to win you have to ingest
 the poop if you want to win you have to worship the demon of the toilet that's one way I can
 in the episode but I am gonna say this I'm recording this for a little bit of safety
 there's a possibility I thought about this as I was recording it that he's not actually
 he's not actually giving people pooped I thought about this like a wait a second I never care
 to me until I was reading over my notes and I'm recording the last I was so to season
 19 maybe he wasn't feeding people poop maybe I'm sure there was a bunch of you shaking
 your heads this whole time and you're like is Jason does actually think that these Nell
 the bills are like brown there's a little piece of corn there's a little piece of corn
 in some of them no I don't think that but I'm thinking now that the stool samples were
 just for the experiments in the sense that he goes I wonder if there's something different
 in an elite runner stools so he went into the creepy way into the creepy way like I said
 he asked people hey can I have some of your stool please which that's actually super creepy
 as well but he gets this stool of elite runners and he gets stool of regular people and then
 he matches it goes wow if you're an elite runner your stool has more of this bacterium
 this Vella Nella atypica interesting so then no stool involved in the production process
 I didn't think about this I totally didn't even think about this then he throws away
 all of the poop and he is able to produce Vella Nella atypica in some other sort of way
 like he's puts out like a piece of bread like he's doing some sort of science project for
 fifth grade he leaves a piece of bread after a couple days and it grows mold and he's
 able to isolate the Vella Nella atypica maybe he was able to produce this Saiyans butthole
 and that's what the pill is the pill just like probiotics when you go and buy him at
 the store it's possible just to be clear I'm gonna double check before I release this episode
 he's gonna be like clearly you're all this man is no no idea what he's talking about he
 disparaged me for 30 minutes he called me a freak a freak who's hiding in the shadows
 of people's closets so maybe he didn't I will I will record this part just in case maybe
 he didn't maybe he wasn't hiding people's closets maybe this has nothing to do with human poop
 in its final form that might have just been the experiment or maybe tonight when you're
 getting ready to go to bed you go you know what man season 19 that sure was a wild ride
 dead rubber you talk about poop the whole season it wasn't just last episode some weird
 stuff this season you're like you know it's time for me to go to bed but I do have that
 big marathon tomorrow well I'll figure it out later you fall asleep then your closet
 door opens in the middle of the night and you see a doctor shyman shaped silhouette start
 to creep out and you're like what oh no oh no exactly what it's so it looks like it's
 not just I'm it's not just shy man and you see him pull up a little wooden spoon and
 you go to get up then you realize there's four super strong men surrounding your bed they've
 had all the fecal matter they want which is only a lot there's some weird fetish colt
 they're holding you down with their fecal empowered muscles you're like no no and doctor shyman's
 walking closer and closer with his little taster spoon he's like ah yes for $59 a month
 requires a lot of poop it's like it's like that old what was it the outer limits or the
 twilight zone tells from the dark side about the box you got the box if you press the button
 someone you didn't know would die and you would get a million dollars but if you don't
 press the button then you don't get a million dollars and you had like an hour to decide
 and the woman presses the button and she gets a million dollars and then the guy the ending
 goes ah yes everyone presses the button I will give this box to someone else now someone
 you don't know that's this if you order if you order now what you really do is giving
 your address to fit biomics and now they're also gonna make you part of the food chain
 if you order this you're like alright my netella I mean my now it's finally here oh and then
 your address went into a database they're going to drive up to your house and start harvesting
 your butthole because how else are they gonna produce enough of this probably without buttholes
 he's probably culturing it in some other way but in the world of conspiracy theory who knows
 what is possible who knows what who knows what defamation is can you really define slander
 or libel when you're talking about the world of paranormal can you you're on or I rest
 like case dead rabbit radio at gmail.com is gonna be your email address you can also
 do so.
 (chill music)
 (chill music)
 (chill music)
 (chill music)
 (chill music)
 (chill music)
 (chill music)
 (chill music)
 (chill music)
