 Duncan iced radio take one Duncan iced coffee is
 Sorry one more time
 Duncan iced
 Kelly we're trying to record a timely summer focused radio spot for Duncan iced can you stop with the shaking?
 But like this is the sound a Duncan ice makes maybe you should keep it in well
 Yeah, that's actually a pretty good idea
 Try all the Duncan refreshers iced coffees cold brews and lattes Duncan iced America runs on Duncan
 Today we return to the city of Malta to take a trip underneath its tunnels to explore more of the mysteries that lie beneath that city
 I think and then we learn about one of the most disgusting urban legends
 That I've come across
 Does the country of Spain really have a problem with people eating other people's fat?
 To down dead rubber radio
 I
 Hey everyone welcome back to another episode of dead rabbit radio. I'm your host Jason Carpenter
 I'm having a great day. Hope you're having a great day, too
 Yes, I did say eating other people's fat in the intro and doing other stuff with human fat
 It's just gonna be a fat
 Stuck episode pretty gross stuff. We're gonna be getting to that in a moment, but first off
 Let us go to Malta now
 I'm gonna put a big asterisk next to the story because I'm pretty sure I covered this before
 This is one of the perils of doing a daily show
 I don't remember and I've tried all of my tricks to see if I've recorded this episode before you're like Jason
 What tricks just simple memorization?
 No, generally if you go to the website if you go to dead rabbit calm and go to the podcast page
 You'll see every episode I've ever recorded you can listen to online and you can even use the cert
 This isn't like a built-in pitch. This is what I do
 You can use the search tab and this is why it's so important for me to put show notes because I'll type in Malta or all
 Type in tunnels or I'll type in Russian or whatever it is and it'll pull up every episode that
 Those words are in the show notes. So it's a really good resource for me
 And you can actually use it too if you're like what was that episode where he was talking about Larry David type in Larry David
 It'll pop up in the show notes. So all of that being said, I'm pretty sure I covered this before
 But I think I might have just read about it and never covered it. I don't know. It's totally messing with my head a conspiracy
 Maybe don't don't don't I should actually get a sound effect now. I like doing the noise instead
 Don't don't don't a conspiracy. Let's go ahead and though. Let's hop in the Jason Jalopy
 We're driving to Malta now
 I'm gonna be honest with you guys and I don't think this will shock a single one of you. I'm not for sure where Malta is
 But oh, I know it's somewhere
 So you have the Middle East and then you have Europe and then there's that stuff in the middle
 I eat Italy Italy is technically part of Europe, but not really and so you have Italy and then I think Malta's somewhere around there
 I don't think it's in Italy
 Most likely an island if the Middle East is the Middle East and Europe is Europe. What's Greece and Italy?
 Mediterranean oh
 There we go Mediterranean
 Let's hop in the Jason Jalopy. We're going to the Mediterranean country
 known as Malta in
 Malta there is a place called the how
 South Fellini
 Hypogium hypogium is a fancy word for tunnel or underground structure. So just call it tunnel
 Everyone knows what a tunnel is not everyone knows what a hypogium is
 There's three levels of caves underneath the city of Malta. Some people say there's more
 Some people say there's a lot more some people say that you go through some people say that the moon is made of cheese
 So some people say it's kind of useless
 But anyways, some people say you can go down to the third chamber and then there's this little like walkway
 That's like super tiny and you crawl through there and it opens to even lower portions of the city
 There's this old Freudian thing that people who like to be underground really want to crawl back into their mom's womb
 So like people who fantasize about building bunkers underground and stuff like that
 You really just want to crawl back inside of their mom
 So I don't know what I personally don't believe that but there are psychiatrists who if you said I'd really want to go to Malta
 Really want to walk around underneath the city of Malta for nine months. The psychiatrist is like hmm. Tell me more
 Apparently your psychiatrist is curming the frog the rainbow connection. So
 Anyways, also that says people who want to build like doomsday bunkers
 Does that mean like the entire US military living in that mountain where we keep the Stargate?
 They all want to crawl back into their mom's. I don't know. I think a lot of times psychiatrists just make stuff up
 And then other psychiatrists go. Oh, yeah, it's a great idea
 Let's let's also say that ridiculous thing
 But anyway, so apparently back in time everyone wanted to be back inside mom and
 They built this giant city underneath Malta or it was a survival mechanism because the city kept getting raided or they wanted to move old-timey drugs
 I wonder what old old I wonder what like Romans did for cocaine
 That all that stuff from South America, but I don't believe I don't think that Europe was like totally sober
 Like sure they drink like ale and mead, but you know there was like what was the old-timey equivalent of meth?
 Because it was this is hear me out here for a second. You're like Jason don't go on these rants
 Tell me about the the ghost of Malta. I will in a second. So if
 Humanity never did methamphetamines or cocaine for 10,000 years or 100,000 years. We are cavemen
 We were bashing in the enderthal skulls. We take over the planet. We start building societies
 We're drinking a little ale on the side a little mead and then all of a sudden
 I just answered my own question, but I'm gonna go ahead and go on with this narrative all of a sudden in the year 1927
 People start doing methamphetamines. It should completely destroy it could should have completely destroyed people is this new thing
 It was totally different than what had happened before
 And I as I was explaining that to myself as I was thinking out loud
 I realized that actually did happen. I thought about doing an episode on this
 That's what happened with gin. That's what happened with gin. You had society drinking alcohol
 But it was I mean it was strong
 but it was like cider or
 Ale or mead stuff like that Conan's like kicking back casks of it and then going out and just smash and serpent dudes in half
 But then when gin when this super strong cheap liquor infiltrated Europe it completely destroyed
 economies and towns and stuff like that. I read this big article on
 Gin recently and though I guess this has become a gin episode, but it's just gone off memory
 I don't remember what the article was you basically the gin became such a problem that it was considered like the woman's disease or the
 The drink of wasting mothers because women would get so drunk on gin
 They would pass out and their babies would roll off their boobs like they're trying to breastfeed their baby and the baby would roll away
 Kids would just be wandering the street the parents were just completely lousy the whole time and the government wasn't doing anything about it
 You had these huge gin companies that weren't letting the government like regulate them and eventually got to the point where it became so it
 Reversed it became so like black market gin did
 That you had to go down a street corner
 You had to like go down a dark alley and there would be a hole in the wall and you would give someone like a copper coin
 Or whatever their pincis over there and then a ladle would come out with gin
 And you would put it in a cup and then walk down the street because originally was just something you go to the bar and
 Just just drink and it was super disgusting. I hate gin
 But they didn't think it was super disgusting that was me editorializing but you could go to the bar you could drink it
 It was called mother's ruin. That was this nickname for gin
 completely devastating England society and then
 It became this huge thing where you started regulating it and gin producing companies were getting shut down and
 Bars were getting shut down if they sold gin you couldn't sell gin anymore
 But that's what people were addicted to so you're having to drink it out of a dirty ladle in a street alley
 And now you can go to the you know
 Gas station or not gas station now you can go to a corner liquor store and get leaders of it and it's disgusting
 It's gross. It's made out of juniper berries, but actually that answers the question if you have a
 Society and then all of a sudden you introduce a new cheap drug and it's not reigned in right in the beginning
 It will destroy the society either. I don't want to keep going off on rants
 But I just saw a documentary about how meth fueled Nazi Germany
 There's crosstops are being given out to men and women here take these
 They'll keep your pep going and then Hitler was all junked up all the whole time
 Anyways, there's nothing to do with where we're going
 but I do wonder if there was an equivalent of old-timey like hardcore drugs in
 Roman era and Greek era that were not just like the oracles were doing it and tripping out and seeing you know
 Leonidas killing a bunch of Persians like something that was more easily accessible for the common person
 But it's just lost the history nothing to do with what we're talking about. We're in the city of Malta now, okay?
 And I just went on that huge rant as we're walking around a dark cave
 So apparently in these caves in Malta. I tell you this part of the story after I already tricked you to coming down here
 I got you drunk on gin. You're like
 Baby babies are falling off of you. You're like I didn't even know I was a mother
 There's a bunch of babies are rolling around in the dirt in front of you. I'm like pick those babies up
 Let's keep going apparently the story is this back in
 1940
 1940
 Malta there was 30 kids and their teachers. They went on a field trip now. They weren't from Iowa
 They're like, okay kids field trip. We're going to Malta
 They were already in Malta and the field trip was to go into the tunnels underneath the city
 Tell me this doesn't sound like an urban legend
 30 kids and their teachers go under a sea or a set of four jokes 30 kids and their teachers
 Go into underground vault and Malta and they're never found
 They go missing like a couple hours later when they're supposed to come back
 No one could find them they start sending search parties for them
 Can't find them and for days afterwards mothers throughout the city could hear their kids crying
 Apparently they're falling down they're falling down huge gaps
 But mothers were saying I can hear Bobby I can hear Bobby
 In this tunnel down here in the cops are like we're looking for a man. We're looking for him, but there's no Bobby
 There's no 29 other kids in there either and he's falling down a cliff apparently as well either
 So the idea is that this happened now
 Obviously that sounds incredibly stupid and that's why I get making jokes about kids falling down cliffs
 because
 The idea of 30 kids and two teachers going it's not like they were in the tunnels in
 What was that dude like in the Philippines?
 Remember recently those kids got trapped that tunnel is though they were filling up with water
 We found them and they were we didn't have any idea where these guys were they even they had an idea that they entered in
 To a cave, but even that was kind of spotty. I guess they knew that otherwise they wouldn't have checked caves
 They weren't looking up trees the whole time, but this place wasn't filling full of water is just a
 Not super well explored thing
 But the idea of 30 kids and their teachers just wandering into the tunnels and getting lost and then not being found no bones
 Nothing yet. You could hear the kids crying late at night. I mean you would just go hey stay there and I'm gonna dig down
 Problem solved so it sounds ridiculous
 however, this story was
 supposedly
 Published in the 1940 issue in a 1940 issue of National Geographic magazine
 and
 What's weird is that the people?
 Who dispute this story who goes there's nothing wrong?
 There's nothing spooky about the tunnels of Malta don't dispute the fact that it was published in National Geographic
 They say yes
 The story was published there what they dispute is
 The fact that it's true they go yes National Geographic did publish this article
 However, we believe they publish it as a cautionary tale to make it so kids don't get lost in these tunnels
 Since when is National Geographic posted fake news?
 They've never run a story watch out kids boogeyman on the loose in the cover is this holographic
 Holographic boogeyman coming at you boogeyman spotted in your hometown
 Ask your parents for more details come home before the street lights come on kids boogeyman, you know like they don't do that
 They don't post fake stuff to scare kids so they don't dispute that the article is real
 They just think that it can't be real just like how I assume they can't be real
 So if the National Geographic published it then there must have been another reason
 But here's the thing as much as I was joking about kids falling off cliffs and poking holes in the story
 The fact that National Geographic did cover it makes it sound more legit
 It doesn't make sense as logically as a story, but a major magazine
 It's been around for over a hundred years that focuses on
 Stuff around the world publish the story about it. So that's all in the show notes
 You can see the article yourself
 There's another component of the story before the kids went missing apparently there now this one is far more
 The lineage of this story is far more ridiculous. There's a woman a journalist named Laurie Jessup
 Oppositely, I mean, I don't know if this is a legit person or a pseudonym or whatever
 But anyways, so we have the first story was told by National Geographic magazine
 This one is told by Riley Krabs Riley Krabs borderland science magazine. So I mean like that is not a legitimate
 Invite any measure right? I'm sure it's a lovely magazine
 I'm sure it has a lot of great articles in it, but it's not where I'm going to get my historical information
 Laurie Jessup apparently writes for Riley Krabs borderland science magazine. She goes underground. She this story is absolutely ridiculous
 She goes underground
 She's pestering a tour guide. She has her little press cap on she's like come on guide
 Why don't you give me one of your private tours wink wink and he thinks she's coming on and she's like no
 I'm not that kind of broad not that kind of broad. I want to know the real scoop. I want to know the straight dope
 I want to know what's really in these tunnels and he's like dude, please you're the most irritating
 Journalist stereotype ever and she's like what do you say? What do you say? So he finally says yes, please go away
 I will allow you to go through this passage that I don't normally let people go through
 so she goes through this passage and
 Apparently a couple other people come with her now. This is 1940 so don't have flashlights. This is like old-timey stuff
 Apparently she's carrying a candle. I don't believe that. I don't believe that at all
 I've never seen a human carry a candle
 You know why because you get hot wax over you and you're like Jason now you're just splitting hairs
 Maybe she had some sort of candle holder fine. She's walking with now. She all of a sudden has a candle abra
 Underground she's walking through fan with the opera style
 She goes into the secret passage which people aren't supposed to be in and she comes to the edge of a cliff
 The cliff supposedly is bottomless that's detail number two that's utterly ridiculous
 But it could just be ten feet deep and it's super dark candle. A lover doesn't reach down there
 She stands up and she sees this huge gap and on the other side of the gap is this doorway and
 Then these giant white haired creatures
 Walk out of the darkness, but they're on the other side of the doorway
 Oh and just then her candle goes out. She's in pitch darkness and she feels something wet
 Walk by her
 Just imagine getting covered in slime and gack
 Just slide by you and that panics her obviously and she runs
 And she goes to run back into her tour group and at that point other people are trying to follow out
 She's like get out of the way losers get out of the way white haired monsters right behind me
 She gets back there
 And she goes she gets with the tour group and everyone else comes back
 She doesn't warn them there's a bottomless cliff there
 But none of them fall off and she's catching her breath and the tour guide
 Apparently looks at her and in her words gives her a knowing look
 Like I told you so you stupid idiot, but you are annoying me
 So I let you go all those words were conveyed with just a simple nod and
 Then eventually she leaves the tunnels and then she said she wanted to go back again next week
 She was scared the first time but she wanted to know more about the bottomless pit
 She wanted to know more about the white haired creatures the wet monster that slid past her and the mysterious force
 No one as wind that blew her candle out. She needed to know all of these things
 She goes back into the tunnel the door. She went through is
 Blocked up now and when she started asking other tour guides
 Hey, we're so-and-so he was working here last week and we were doing on this tour and everyone goes
 Why that tour guide has never worked here before?
 Ever
 Now people believe that story by the way that story is completely stupid
 But I think it's funny because here we have two contrasting stories one story is reported in National Geographic
 It's very very it's maybe two paragraphs long basic information kids go missing
 No one can find them parents here the kids crying at night. It's spooky
 It may be true, but it just seems very unlikely
 You think if it was true there would be more new sources covering it
 Unless it was something the city was trying to cover up this now you can no longer walk freely
 We know that as a fact used to be you could kind of walk freely under the city of Malta
 You can't do that anymore and I think that changed around the late 1940s
 So that is not you can't go down there walk around so something probably did happen
 But it could just miss a 30 kids sprained their ankle one day or over the course of 30 days
 Who knows but anyways so you have that incident happen and then you have this
 Story that involves yeti underground societies bottomless pits wet slime monsters a tour guide who never existed
 all this ridiculous details and
 Both every time you look at the story of the Malta tunnels both of these stories are connected
 Well, you know like you'll read the first one and you'll be like oh that is kind of interesting
 Why would National Geographic report that and then they go wink wink nudge nudge if you think that one was a good
 Look at this one. It stars the story of Laurie Jessup. It's Laurie Jessup's great granddaughter
 Literally nudging you with her press cap on read all about it read all about my great grandma story like knock it off, dude
 so
 One is super like is totally dialed into what people all the conspiracy paranormal dudes believe in
 with the hidden societies and
 Magic controlling the wind and all sorts of Pocahontas nonsense and then you have a story that's actually realistic
 But there's so few details on it
 Who knows it could be true. It could be not true. It's the battle of National Geographic versus Riley crabs borderland science magazine
 And in true conspiracy theory paranormal fashion Riley crab the Riley crab crowd
 Usually wins out the story of a ghost like last episode. I'll talk about this last episode was about Haditha damn the story about ghosts a ghost in
 Haditha damn that's fine
 That's a scary ghost story that US soldiers tell each other so they can you know poop their pants
 But then someone added in the four horsemen of the apocalypse are trapped underneath it
 And it's this huge demonic conspiracy monster man stuff going on underneath his damn one is at least a slightly realistic ghost in a dam
 And then the other one is just
 Fantasy nonsense. I mean whether or not the four horsemen exist. I
 Don't know but I don't think that they're trapped underneath the hydroelectric dam in Iraq if they do exist
 Which I'm sure they exist in some form
 But again, I'm not gonna get in all that so well, I guess I could because it is a paranormal podcast
 But really I want to talk about
 fat extractors and I'm running out of time so guys
 suck your tummies in
 But it won't help it won't help you'll still look nice and juicy to those fat extractors
 So when I use the term fat extractor, that's a term. Those are two English words that are put together fat extractor
 It's not its own thing, right? If I said, oh, I'm a fat seller. I sell human fat you'd be disgusted and
 You would make sure you weren't eating twinkies around me
 But you'd go oh now if I'm saying those words in other languages if I said candle maker in French
 It would be like handle maker, right? It would be another word for candle maker
 You could travel around the world
 I've learned this this week and you could travel around the world and you'll find all sorts of combinations for words
 You can go to other countries and English the word automobile may take two or three words to say in another language
 Spain has such a problem with people sucking the fat out of other people
 They have their own terminology for it. They're called saca miss. It's close enough to my own old hometown
 Which is kind of creepy sac
 saca mentecas
 which means fat extractor or
 Mantequero which is a fat sellers because you have to distinguish those two some people just love to pull the greasy fat out of you
 Other people are capitalists about it. They want to take that fat and turn it into stuff
 You can actually get jars like apocrythary apocrythary jars
 Now you can get apocrythary jars here
 You can get them with the same mints on them or or homeopathic
 Consens or stuff that doesn't work. Just put it on your put it on your mantle with along with all of your homeopathic garbage
 These ones say
 oxungia honinis which means human fat
 So you could go to apocrythary in Spain in the 1700s and you'd be like I need some mint and I need some
 That that Jason can't think of a word for and then it's just a jar that says Jason can't think of a word for and then I'll take two scoops of human fat
 Spain has such a problem with human fat that there are multiple stories
 Regarding people killing people just to take the fat out so many stories
 We're gonna have to cover them over three episodes. This is the first collection. This is gonna wet your appetite for
 Some sweet sweet human fat. It's the late
 1900s
 We're falling back we're falling back through a time portal
 Luckily, we're going to Spain. So half the landscape is human fat. We hit the ground
 Fight in our way out of the fat the gooey human greasy yellow fat
 Sorry if you happen to be eating chicken during this segment eating it you're just got your rotisserie chicken
 You're all are taking a huge bite. I know a guy
 So I used to work at Best Buy in Sacramento and right across the way there was a burger king restaurant
 And I've always loved working at I love working retail
 But I've always specifically loved working retail where there was restaurants nearby because then you never really had to leave anywhere for eight hours
 Like the restaurant. So I was like, oh sweet Burger King
 I'm gonna walk from Best Buy Go Burger King and I remember when I started there
 Because I was one of the first to like this story just opened up like a month before I got certain
 At that time too. I was actually the fastest promoted
 member like fastest promoted employee in Best Buy history
 I went from cashier to manager like in a month or maybe like a month and a half
 I remember there like no one's ever been promoted this quickly. But anyways, there's another new story
 Bragging about working at Best Buy. I ended up I'd go to Burger King all the time
 And I remember asking my boss I go, hey, do you ever go to Burger King? He goes never again
 Never again. What why he goes he went this very first day working at that Best Buy
 He walked over to the Burger King. He got a grilled chicken
 He got a grilled chicken sandwich and he takes a bite out of it and he goes, ah
 This teeth bite, you know how human mouths work his teeth bite into the sandwich
 And then what you normally do is you move the sandwich away from your mouth and go on
 And you eat it you bring it to your mouth
 Take a bite then then you pull the sandwich away from your mouth and then you chew the peas
 It's a weird human thing. You don't keep the burger right next to your mouth and go
 You take a bite and then you drop your hands he said I take a bite of the sandwich
 And then he goes as I pulled the sandwich away from mouth there was a
 There was a vein
 Coming from his mouth from the bite he had taken and the vein was this gooey stretchy thing and he as he moved the sandwich away
 The vein kept stretching longer and longer and he's just looking at this thick red
 vein coming from his mouth disappearing into the meat of the chicken of the sandwich and he
 He said he would never he threw it away and he said he would never eat a Burger King ever again
 I thought that was a funny story, but anyways, so this dude work work
 We're in fat land aka Spain. There's this guy named Juan Diaz de Guerreo
 He was killing prostitutes. He's actually considered one of Spain's earliest serial killers
 If not their first one of the first recorded serial killers in Spain now
 He started off he would walk down the street and he would see like an old woman not an old woman
 Sorry, he would see a poor woman difference
 You can be poor and young or poor and old but you can't be old and young
 He'd see a young woman who was poor and being like hey you want to make some money
 And she'd be like yes, I would so they would go down an alley and they would bang and then he would go
 Here's three reals, which is their currency over there
 And she goes that's not enough and he'd go fine and he goes here's four and she goes
 That's not enough and then he would choke her to death
 He'd kill it and then that went on for a couple years
 He kept finding these young women and he would go hey you look kind of down in your luck
 She's like yeah, it's been a real kind of crappy crappy year of luckily
 I still have all this sweet sweet human fat in my body and he's like that's an odd comment to make
 She's like it is he goes hey you want to have some sex for money
 And she goes yeah sure and then he would offer her three bucks or three reels and she would say no
 Then he'd offer her four and she'd say no and then he strangle her
 It was this weird thing that he did and
 He's he was fairly successful at this for a long time people kept finding these bodies around town and they weren't
 Clueing on they weren't like figuring out who this dude was then he just started attacking random people
 This young girl walks by and he's like hey
 Knock knocks her on the head no lead up no sex for money nothing
 Drowns that he's drowning women. He's choking him out. I thought one of the saddest ones was
 This was actually one of his last ones
 He was out in the middle of the country because people were starting to get suspicious
 He's out in the middle of a country sleeping on her bridge. His young woman's coming back from like a fair and
 He's like oh where you been he's like she's like oh
 I was just from the town fair and look at about this bread and this wine and yeah, you know just kind of having fun
 He's like oh, that's cool, and then he
 Beat beat the crap out of her and ripped her intestines out and then sat and drank her wine and ate her bread
 I've always thought you know and I've covered that type of thing before not the girl again her intestines ripped out
 but that
 normalcy thing where
 There was the one of the zodiac killers victims with some guy coming home
 He worked at a Coca-Cola factory for like 30 years
 His favorite thing was he every day he got like a bottle of coke and his favorite thing was grabbing his you know
 Hey by Harold. I don't remember his name, but yeah
 See you guys later
 He grabbed his bottle of coke and he'd walk home and he'd sit and he'd watch TV and drink his coke like that was his thing and
 zodiac killer blues brains out and
 That's such a normal thing. It's the same thing with her you have this woman who goes out
 She's looking the whole week to go to this fair. She goes to the fair. She buys her bread and she her wine
 And she's so happy she's coming back through the countryside
 It's a beautiful Spanish day and some dude rips her intestines out and then eats her food like that is such a bizarre
 It's the normalcy of it is what is striking
 To me though those stories are always more chilling. Yes, obviously killing prostitutes is just as wrong
 I'm not saying that I'm not saying this woman may have been a prostitute. I don't know
 I'm not saying but I'm saying like the idea of
 There's there's just routine things we do that you go to the store you get you're like, you know
 I can't wait I can't wait to go to the store get my chili beans and rice
 I'm gonna come home. I'm gonna watch a new episode of the Mandalorian and I'm gonna go to bed
 Or maybe I'll stay up late and play video games
 And while you're thinking about that some dude comes out of the darkness and puts a box cutter through your neck that to me is is
 terrifying
 That the normalcy being interrupted by violence is terrifying now
 This guide meant and I get to get back to the actual narrative of the story not try to ruin your day and to scare you the
 Narrow the reason why the his modus operandi changed now
 He'd been drowning women that he he killed dozens of women and he was they don't really even know the full amount of women
 He killed but it first he was just drowning them and choking them because that was his most effect
 His first murder was drowning this woman
 He took her to the river to have sex with her and then drowned her the
 reason why he ripped this woman's guts out because at this point when the police place are starting to figure out there's a serial killer in the area
 People are super panicked at this point because there's been tons of bodies found nobody seems to know this person is people believed
 He was a sacramentucka. He was a fat extractor. This was a boogeyman that existed in
 Spain the story of somebody that a monster really who prays on the populace
 to eat their fat or to turn their fat into medicine or
 To turn their fat into soap
 But Spain had a weird
 Fascination with human fat to the to the point that they had a boogeyman that specifically worked on
 Eating consuming murdering just for fat. So the rumor was that whoever is killing these women is
 A sacramentucka even though that this serial killer had not been taking their fat out people were people did not know
 Why someone would be murdering so many women?
 so one had not disemboweled anybody but
 This time he did he ripped her guts out specifically to make the people think
 That there was a mythical creature on the loose now while these crimes are going on these murders last that I think it was about two or three years
 Other people begin because this guy wasn't getting caught you had three other people begin murdering women in the same area
 Because if this guy's not getting caught I'm gonna do it too
 They all got caught one eventually got caught as well and he got sentenced to death and he was executed
 But you had three other people inspired by these crimes who killed like one person and got caught and one of those guys
 Ripped the woman's guts out as well
 So you the society was in a panic now again if you had a town where people if in
 Detroit you had four people murdered and they were disemboweled people in Detroit aren't gonna be like they're eating their fat
 Don't use soap because the soap might be human fat, but Spain has such a weird issue with human fat extractors and
 Drinking human fat and turning into medicine. They have crime after crime after crime where this is a thing and
 That's going to be a teaser
 For our next two episodes because I could not there's so much fat for this story. I couldn't fit it all in one episode
 Tomorrow's episode. We are going to tell the story of a man who was also considered a sacramentekka and
 a werewolf and
 Then the episode after that for a three-part fat eater episode
 We are going to explain how the idea of fat extractors
 Left Spain and move to the new world to the point that even today
 People in South America believe that the Spaniards continue to kill the indigenous people
 simply to eat their fat
 What is Spain's bizarre connection with human fat?
 We will explore those issues and more greasy goodness on the next episode of Dead Rabbit Radio
 Dead rabbit radio at gmail.com is going to be your email address
 You can also hit us up at facebook.com/dead rabbit radio Twitter is @dead rabbit radio
 Dead rabbit radio is the daily paranormal conspiracy and true crime podcast
 You don't have to listen to it every day, but I'm glad you listen to it today. Have a great one guys
 You
 You
 You
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
