 - Charlotte Maina Godhead, I can't wait to see you
 at the Black Effect Podcast Festival,
 coming to you live on Saturday, April 22nd
 at the Pullman Yards in Atlanta,
 hosted by myself and Jess Halaak.
 If you haven't gotten your tickets,
 what are you waiting for?
 The Black Effect is bringing some of the hottest podcasts live,
 like the '85 South Show, Horrible Decisions,
 and Big Facts for one day only, okay?
 For inspiring podcasters, we've got you covered.
 You don't wanna miss the Black Effect Podcast Festival?
 Make sure to get your tickets today at blackeffect.com.
 Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.
 - When you're riding in a car with your family down the road
 and you're the only one to see a massive UFO,
 no one believes you, but will they believe you
 when a gray breaks in to your house?
 And then we take a look at a winding convoluted theory.
 We may not even have time to get to the gray break-in,
 honestly.
 The Dogon tribe in Africa has long been connected
 to extraterrestrial contact.
 A lot of debate about it,
 and we're gonna go through the nitty gritty.
 But not only that, this conspiracy also says
 that when the aliens visited the Dogon tribe,
 they brought with them marijuana.
 Today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 (upbeat music)
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode
 of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host Jason Carpenter.
 I'm having a great day.
 Hope you guys are having a great day too.
 We're gonna start off with the Dogon story
 because I don't know if we'll have time for the story
 about the gray break-in into the house.
 If we don't, we'll save it to tomorrow
 because this first story is quite complicated
 and I haven't been able to figure out how long it's going
 to take for me to talk about it.
 I find it very, very interesting.
 And just when you think,
 oh, Jason's going in this direction,
 the story starts to turn.
 I've been researching this for the past two days maybe.
 And it was quite the feat.
 It was quite the feat.
 I normally get all of my information quite easily,
 but this one I had to go all over the place.
 And now I present to you,
 not only the story of the Dogon mystery,
 but did the aliens introduce marijuana to the planet earth?
 Let's go ahead and start.
 Now this came about
 because I got a YouTube comment from James on YouTube.
 So I'm gonna read you part of his comment
 'cause I think he did a good job kind of breaking it down.
 And then we're gonna go through it and see what's true,
 what's not, we're gonna analyze it,
 come up with our own theory.
 It's a weird one.
 This is a weird one, guys.
 So James, and thanks James for the recommendation.
 So here is his statement,
 here's his comment regarding the Dogons.
 "Elegetedly when Westerners made contact with them,
 they had extensive knowledge of the Sirius star system
 that scientists at the time didn't even know.
 Like they knew it was a binary system, et cetera.
 Anyway, they asked these people how they knew this
 and the Dogons told them that fish like humanoids
 with gills had come from the Sirius system
 and gave them a bunch of knowledge
 about Sirius A and Sirius B,
 which are the two stars, and such and get this.
 They claimed that these people brought marijuana to earth
 and now the Dogons have a big festival every year
 where they get highest balls
 to celebrate the coming of the fish people.
 If that wasn't weird enough,
 cannabis translated from Greek is two dogs
 and Sirius A and B are known as the dog star.
 Might be a good story to cover.
 I read about it in some weed book back in high school.
 Now, when I saw that comment,
 I'm really familiar with the Dogon tribe.
 I've been researching this stuff since I was about 10.
 So I've been looking into paranormal and conspiracy stuff
 and aliens and goes for about 30 years now.
 And the Dogon tribe is something I was quite familiar with.
 It's something that you stumble across generally really early
 on when you're researching stuff.
 It's in the top tier of the iceberg as well.
 So I read it and I know the story,
 the answer to the Dogon mystery.
 I know the answer to the Dogon mystery for the most part.
 I know the official explanation for how they know that stuff.
 But James, that was a great overview for it,
 but let's go ahead and start going through it here
 and finding out which stuff we know as fact,
 which stuff we know as fiction.
 And the more important part is that where weed is from.
 Touched on a couple of interesting things
 throughout that thing.
 Let's talk about the story of the Dogons first.
 In 1931, in West Africa, in Mali.
 So West Africa, the region of Africa,
 and then in the country of Mali, in 1931,
 these two French anthropologists named Marcel Garelli,
 I don't know, and Germain Dieterlin,
 these two French dudes start walking through Africa, right?
 And they're kind of bummed out.
 There's no bad guys, but they're on a mission
 to find the Dogon tribe.
 They wanna go talk to these dudes.
 Now this area, before it became rife with warfare
 and all sorts of horrible things,
 Mali was known as a center of knowledge and art.
 So it was kind of like a cultural center for West Africa.
 But nowadays, and especially when the two French dudes
 showed up, it wasn't doing too good.
 And in this area, you had the Dogon tribe.
 Now, the anthropologists just go there
 to kind of say how are you guys living?
 Hey guys, what's up?
 How you doing?
 Tell us a little bit about your life.
 The tribe's like, well, just hang out with us for a bit.
 We will reveal the information as time goes on.
 So they did hang out, the two French dudes are hanging out
 with the Dogons for a while,
 and this is what they piece together.
 Well, they didn't just piece together.
 The people were willing to give this information.
 The Dogons were saying, our religion, we believe in Nomo.
 French dudes are like, oh, is that God?
 And they're like, yeah, it's a little more complicated
 than that, 'cause we have a creation God.
 We have a God who creates stuff.
 And one of the things that God created was Nomo.
 Well, there's eight of them.
 And then they're like, so there's eight Nomos.
 They're like, no, no, no, no, Nomo.
 No, don't get ahead of yourself, French guys.
 Nomo is both the singular and the plural.
 French dudes are like, oh, damn it.
 This is gonna be a brain teaser.
 I'm trying to figure out how to write it down.
 How to write the story down.
 They say, this is what happened.
 Nomo was created, and it's a hermaphroditic creature.
 It's like both sexes mixed together.
 It's also amphibious, and it's, well, amphibious
 in the sense that it can swim the water and be on land.
 You guys know what amphibian is,
 but they're generally described as having
 the upper body of a human and a fishtail body.
 So a mermaid, basically.
 And Nomo is then turned into four pairs of twins,
 known as Nomo.
 Not the Nomo, not Nomo, it's just Nomo.
 Just Nomo all around.
 So Nomo is now not just the one dude.
 It's four sets of twins.
 And one set of the Nomo went evil
 and declared war on Nomo.
 So it's Nomo on Nomo action across the universe.
 And Nomo, the evil Nomos, get ripped to pieces
 and their body parts are spread throughout existence.
 In the religion of the Dogon people,
 they believe that wherever a limb of Nomo landed,
 you have to build a shrine.
 You build these shrines called Bainu shrines.
 So you have these Bainu shrines,
 and that is where a body part landed,
 and that is where you can go to contact Nomo.
 You pray at these shrines,
 and what's interesting about these shrines,
 you go to these shrines and you pray.
 Now each family in the Dogon tribe
 has a spirit animal that was chosen for them
 by going to these shrines hundreds or thousands of years ago.
 You go to the shrine, a spirit animal is chosen for you.
 And then when you go to this shrine
 and you pray, your family spirit animal will appear
 to give you advice or to help you through life struggles
 or just to kind of pet,
 just 'cause you're not feeling, having a bad day,
 you wanna go pet a ghost panther, you can do that.
 So you go to the Bainu shrines
 to seek the advice of your spirit animal.
 The Nomo had other names.
 The Nomo, well, they were just the Nomo or just Nomo,
 but they were also known as Masters of the Water,
 which makes sense 'cause they're half fish.
 The monitors or the teachers.
 That story is completely verifiable.
 That story there is if you went to the Dogon tribe today,
 they would tell you that story.
 That is the story that you get
 from any reading on the Dogon people.
 The Dogon people are a real tribe.
 They're really visited.
 You can go visit them today.
 So the idea of them being called monitors or teachers
 does make, 'cause we're looking at it with an alien viewpoint,
 does give it a little air of an alien.
 Masters of the Water find,
 there's gods all over the world
 that are half human, half fish.
 Iconography and religions that are that as well.
 So that doesn't stick out.
 But the fact that God himself
 isn't technically known as a teacher,
 or I guess maybe a monitor,
 but he's more known as just this all powerful dude
 who just rampages and/or is absent from the universe.
 He either is responsible for the bad stuff
 or he just lets the dice go far where they may.
 And then some people believe
 that he intercedes and helps people as well,
 but his angels are sometimes known as monitors or teachers
 or demons are known as that,
 but God is very rarely known as a teacher.
 I could be wrong on that, but.
 So when they're God, and they're creation God,
 they're just kind of again kind of left.
 The no mo is what they actually contacted.
 So their God is also quite absent.
 So we have that.
 Now that's all there of high above.
 Where we start to get with dicey stuff
 is in the late 1940s.
 Those two French dudes were hanging out there the whole time.
 I'm sure they went back to France every once in a while
 to like bang someone at the Moulin Rouge,
 but they definitely kept coming back here.
 Maybe they were here for 14 years, I don't know,
 or 15 years or whatever it was.
 But anyways, it's the late 1940s.
 And this is where we start to get iffy.
 And so the doggons are like,
 "Shh, come here, hey, come here.
 Hey, so you wanna hear the real story of French guys?
 You guys have been here long enough.
 You've earned our trust.
 We're gonna tell you the straight dope.
 We're gonna tell you the real stuff."
 See, the story of the no mo is more literal than you think.
 No mo came down and visited us different outer space.
 The two French guys are like, "What?"
 Now this is in the late 1940s.
 So again, we're starting to hear about Roswell
 and things like that.
 Doggons are like, "Yes, yes, just like your Roswell events,
 just like your ancient aliens show
 that will premiere 50 years from now."
 No mo actually visited us.
 And this is what they looked like.
 They had gills, they had fish legs.
 So just like our God imagery of them,
 they could also tear parts of their body off.
 It wouldn't kill them and it nourished us.
 It gave us life.
 So the aliens came down and they were ripping parts
 of their body off and we were eating them.
 Then the word no mo in the doggon language actually means
 like forces to drink or makes one drink is what it means.
 And they're saying they were ripping parts of their body off
 and maybe we were forced to eat them.
 Maybe we were like, "No, this disgusting dude, stop it,
 stop it."
 But we felt compelled to eat them.
 That's why their name no mo.
 Or maybe they're just named no mo for other reasons.
 But they come down in their spaceship.
 And the first thing they did was they all jumped
 into a reservoir because they enjoy being in the water more.
 They can be on land because they're amphibious,
 but they enjoy being in the water more.
 They say, "Let's teach you some stuff."
 The no mo goes, "We are going to teach you
 doggon people some stuff."
 We are from a star called Sirius Star System.
 And it is a binary star system.
 There's a big star and then a little star orbiting around it.
 And the little star takes about 50 to 60 years roughly
 for it to orbit the big star.
 We'll tell you a little bit about that.
 We'll also tell you that Saturn has rings
 and Jupiter has four major moons to it.
 And the doggons are like, "What's Jupiter?
 What's Saturn?
 What's a ring?
 We don't know any of this."
 And the no mo goes, "Silence.
 You'll learn all of this stuff later.
 It'll shock French people thousands of years from now."
 Because this story supposedly took place
 thousands, thousands of years ago.
 So they teach them all this stuff.
 Now, in the doggon language, they do talk about
 the Sirius Star System.
 That's the dog star, which is,
 it's been known as the dog star all over the world.
 'Cause it looks like a dog in the shape of a dog.
 Not the star itself, but part of a constellation of a dog.
 Ancient Mesopotamians called it the dog star.
 So they were like, "Oh, that's cool, dude.
 Now, so you got a big star and you got a little star."
 And no mo starts rolling something.
 He's like, "Yeah, man.
 We got all sorts of stars up there.
 He's rolling something.
 He's licking it."
 Doggons are like, "What's that?"
 And no mo's like, "Don't get ahead of yourself, bro.
 Don't get ahead of yourself."
 So in the doggon language, the name of the small star
 that orbits, they're Sirius A and Sirius B,
 like James would say.
 They call Sirius B Po-Tolo.
 Po-Tolo, tollo means star,
 and Po is the smallest seed known to them.
 So in their language, they have a name for a tiny, tiny star.
 No mo's rolling a joint.
 He's like, "It's pretty trippy, huh?"
 And they're like, "Oh yeah, man.
 What is that?
 Take a hit."
 And no mo's like, "Hold on, hold on."
 (blows air)
 (exhales)
 Yeah, dude, we're from like, the stars.
 We're from the tallows.
 Doggons like, "Dude, you gotta hit us up with that.
 What is that beautiful smelling stuff?"
 No mo looks at it, passes it around and goes,
 "That, my friends, is 100% pure alien kush.
 That is marijuana.
 Cannabis, the freaky leaf.
 Just keep hitting it.
 We'll keep talking.
 Let's have a good time."
 Now, the two dudes.
 Now, okay, now first off, I have to separate.
 The marijuana story is an addition
 that's gonna be added on later.
 But other than the point of no mo rolling the joint,
 everything else is what they told the French guys.
 They said, "Listen, the aliens came down
 and they're half fish and they jumped in the reservoir.
 They told us all this stuff.
 They told us that Sirius is a binary star system
 and that's where they're from."
 There's a third star also orbiting the main Sirius star.
 We call the little star Po Tolo
 because Po is the tiny.
 And the French guys, like, "Yeah, yeah, I get it.
 You don't have to go over everything."
 They're like, "Okay."
 They also told us Saturn has rings and that...
 He paused for a second.
 He's like, "Are you stoned right now?"
 He's like, "No, no, sorry.
 I forgot I was going."
 Saturn has rings and Jupiter has four moons.
 Now, remember, this is taking place in the 1940s
 is when they're telling the French anthropologists this.
 And the French dudes are like,
 "There is no way they could have known this information."
 Because in fact, in 1610,
 it was found out that Jupiter has four major moons.
 There's actually 79 moons.
 And again, this is where the alien story starts
 to fracture a bit.
 The alien should have been,
 "Dude, you want to blow some white dude's mind
 a thousand years from now?
 Tell them there's 79 moons.
 Jupiter, we counted them.
 We counted them all."
 But anyways, they said there was four...
 They knew there was four major moons around Jupiter.
 They knew that Saturn had rings.
 Both of those things were not discovered until the year 1610,
 which is obviously way before 1940.
 But these two French dudes are like,
 "How did this tribe in the middle of Africa
 or in the western side of Africa know any of this?"
 And we knew about Sirius.
 We knew about the dog star,
 but the thought that they had an other star rotating it
 wasn't theorized until 1844.
 And it wasn't verified by telescope until 1862.
 So the French dudes are going,
 "They must have gotten this information from somewhere."
 And they ended up writing a paper about it,
 and they basically said
 they must have gotten this information from somewhere.
 In 1976, a book came out called "The Sirius Mystery."
 And that book says they did get that information
 from somewhere, and it was aliens.
 This is where the story really started to become popular.
 This book was published in 1976,
 and 1977, a television episode of the show
 in search of hosted by Leonard Nimoy,
 talked about the Dogon tribe.
 How could they have known about the binary star?
 How could they know about the rings of Saturn?
 How could they know about Jupiter's moons?
 And they said they described the small star
 as super, super dense.
 It was made of this magical metal,
 which isn't true.
 Again, the aliens are giving them inaccurate information.
 Maybe they're just doing it to,
 they're like, "Dude, stars are made of metal, man.
 "That's so funny, dude.
 "These French dudes are gonna blow their minds."
 They're giving them inaccurate information,
 but they did describe the smaller star as more dense
 than the bigger star.
 So, and that's a fact.
 Serious B, it's a white dwarf,
 so it is more dense than Serious A.
 So the idea was that aliens must have come down
 to give them this information.
 That Nomo is an actual alien race
 that came down and delivered
 this astrological information to the Dogon tribe.
 The book came out, it was a hit.
 The television episode came out,
 it was a hit, people started talking about this.
 And so scientists go,
 there has to be a rational explanation behind this.
 To the point where Carl Sagan came out and said,
 "This is most likely what happened."
 This was the general scientific consensus.
 Nobody's saying that these French guys
 completely made it up.
 That's not a theory.
 The theory is this, at some point,
 someone must have traveled from Europe to that tribe
 and told them this information.
 That is far more logical than aliens coming down
 and telling them this information.
 'Cause the information for the most part
 matched what the Western world knew
 at latest, the year 1862.
 So they're saying at some point,
 and other anthropologists must have come to this tribe
 and told them this stuff.
 Because this tribe, according to the French dudes,
 worshiped the Serious Star.
 They were so into it that if a traveler
 from another country came there
 and everyone's looking up at the star
 and they're like, "Oh yeah, the star's so awesome."
 Someone could have said, "You know what?
 That's funny, I know a bunch about that star."
 And then that dude left, and then 50, 70, 100 years later,
 two French dudes show up and the doggons are like,
 "Yes, we know about binary star systems
 and stuff like that."
 Now, they also said there was a third star.
 And for the longest time, people who believe in this story
 have been trying to find proof that there is a third star.
 'Cause as of now, there is no proof
 that there is a third star also orbiting Serious A.
 If it turned out that we discovered
 a third star orbiting Serious,
 that would be far more proof
 that the doggons had information that we don't have.
 100 times more proof.
 But we can't find any gravitational wobbles
 or anything like that.
 So the question is this.
 There's a lot of questions,
 but we're gonna keep moving on here.
 The question is this, what are the explanations?
 How could they get this information?
 One of them, fish aliens came down
 and told them this information.
 That is obviously a possibility.
 It's a very unlikely possibility,
 but it's one of them.
 Two, that some sort of Western element came in
 and did some cultural contamination
 and told them information about this star.
 Or three, this was a weird one.
 Because when we're talking about Africa,
 you get a lot of people who are...
 I'm trying to think of a word other than black supremacists,
 but that's really the only word that can come to mind.
 You have a group of people who believe
 that the black race is better than all of the races.
 And this is a theory that's been put out there
 that the Dogon tribes, because of the melanin
 in their system and in their eyes,
 they can actually see a white dwarf orbiting Syria.
 They basically can see like a telescope out in the space.
 So that's far less likely than fish aliens coming down,
 but you'll find websites, if you look into this, like I did.
 There are some people who believe that the Dogons,
 and I don't know maybe everyone in Africa has a superpower,
 but the Dogon tribe, that they weren't told this by white people,
 that they weren't told this by fish aliens,
 they can actually look up into the night sky
 and see a white dwarf orbit.
 Another star that wasn't visible by telescope until late 1800s.
 They also believe that they can look at Jupiter
 and see four moons and they can see Saturn's rings
 with the naked eye.
 So take from that what you will.
 That is just a hilarious footnote,
 because if that was the true,
 every world's armed forces would just be made up of Dogons.
 Anyways, but that's not, so that is completely unfeasible.
 I think out of the three Western contaminations,
 most likely, then fish aliens,
 I didn't think that would come in second,
 and then the Dogon tribe has the ability
 to perceive across the galaxy.
 They can see a tiny white dwarf.
 So that has been debunked over and over again.
 It's one of those things that when you first hear about it,
 they talk about it on ancient aliens.
 It's a really popular theory, it's super intriguing.
 I remember reading about it when I was like 12
 and thought, oh, this is so awesome.
 And then I revisited it a few years later.
 And then I looked at it skeptically
 and they're like, this is most likely what happened.
 And another little footnote to all of that,
 when another investigator went back,
 he goes, they didn't care anything
 about the Sirius star system.
 This other anthropologist went back
 in between the Sirius mystery book coming out
 and the original paper coming out from the French dude.
 He goes, nobody cared.
 I went down there and everyone was just kind of like,
 what, what, it's just a star, it's no big deal.
 And apparently when the two French dudes
 were told the story, the only two people
 who told them this story was the guy
 they were working closest with and the translator.
 Those are the, everyone else in the village
 didn't really mention the story
 or have anything to do with it or anything like that.
 So this guy, this Dogon dude could have been
 a budding science fiction writer.
 He could have made it all up.
 Could be true.
 We don't know, but in the society itself,
 it's not as white.
 It may be now because now it would become
 a tourist attraction, but when it was revisited back
 before the mystery really took off,
 the other anthropologist couldn't find any proof
 that this was a cultural belief
 that other people believe in this thing.
 But let's go ahead here and let's move on
 to the next subject because this is where we start
 to get back into unsproven conspiracy theory stuff.
 Cannabis, this is where, so the theory has become
 that Nomo brought down weed to these people.
 And cannabis means, canna is dog, like canine,
 and bi is two.
 So cannabis actually means two dog,
 and it is in reference to the two stars,
 the two dog stars.
 There is a rotational of the little star
 around the big star, maybe the big star
 around the little star, it doesn't really matter,
 but of every 50 to 60 years is the rotation.
 And supposedly in the Doughan tribe every 50 years,
 they have a year long party.
 James said it was every year,
 but that was that part's incorrect.
 It was a year long party every 50 years
 to celebrate a full rotation of the stars,
 where they get stoned out of their mind.
 Let's start looking into this stuff.
 First off, right off the bat,
 cannabis does not mean two dogs.
 Doesn't mean that at all.
 Canna, I hear, even if it did, let's just,
 even if it did, the Doughan tribe would not call,
 would not use a Greek word,
 because if they were using Greek,
 then there's so much cultural contamination in that area
 that you have to start writing off
 all of their legends whatsoever.
 So they weren't, even if cannabis didn't mean two dog,
 it wouldn't, they wouldn't use the Greek word for it.
 They would use their own word for it.
 Canna, the word cannabis comes, it's a Skythian word,
 and maybe even a Semitic word from Canbos,
 because people were smoking dank weed
 as far back as people have been around.
 It's actually one of the oldest crops.
 It's, we can source it back to about 12,000 years ago.
 It came out of Central Asia.
 So you're like, well, there's the myth it's blowing.
 It didn't show up in Africa.
 You're gonna talk about the gray breaking into the house.
 Well, it gets a little,
 this is where it starts to get really weird again.
 So Canbos, it's a Skythian, maybe even a Semitic word.
 In the Old Testament, there's a word known as Kyniboisin.
 So it kind of sounds like cannabis,
 and that means hemp blossom.
 So way preceding Greek, way preceding,
 Dogans even being established.
 People were using the word Canbos.
 So it's not, does cannabis does not,
 if you broke it down and you bastardized Greek,
 yes, you can make it mean two dog,
 but that's not where the word comes from.
 Most, they don't, they're not 100% sure,
 but they're most likely it comes from Canbos
 or Canbosin.
 So as that doesn't, we're gonna throw that out.
 So weed was being cultivated 12,000 years ago
 in Central Asia, in the Mongolian territory.
 The Dogan tribe was established in 3,500 BC.
 So not even, people had strains of Intica and Sativa
 long before the Dogans ever settled down in their area.
 Again, this is where it's gonna get weird.
 Apparently, and what's funny is I've done
 a ton of research on this, and a lot of people saying
 I've read this in a book, and I'm wondering
 if they're getting the same information from,
 I mean, I'm wondering if they're getting the same
 information from the quote unquote weed book
 that James said that he read, I think it was in high school.
 It's been a while since that introduction,
 but I wonder if they're all referring to this book,
 but apparently, so Herodotus, we talked about him before.
 People say his name is pronounced Herodotus.
 I don't believe that, I think it's Herodotus.
 Herodotus loved smoking weed.
 Apparently, I couldn't find any sources for this,
 so again, I think it's this book
 that people are reading in high school.
 Anyways, okay, fine, Herodotus, we'll call him that,
 but I think that's his real name.
 He'll always be Herodotus to me.
 Herodotus went and he did at one point smoke weed
 or hang around with a bunch of Scythians smoking weed,
 Scythians smoking weed.
 He tells his story where they're just throwing it
 into a bonfire and flipping out, dancing around.
 And Herodotus is like, oh, this is dope.
 I'm gonna be traveling all over the world
 smoking the dankest of the dank.
 So there's a story that Herodotus went to go,
 Herodotus was a world traveler,
 and he's actually the first Westerner
 to write down a reference to marijuana.
 So he ends up, there's a story that he went
 to the Dogon tribe and he actually showed up
 on the 50th year of this celebration,
 like on the celebration year,
 and got rippin' stoned with this tribe in Africa.
 And they just smoked a ton of weed.
 And then he slowly stumbled his way back to grace.
 He's like, oh man, it was awesome.
 The jungle started talking to me.
 It was dope.
 I rode a gorilla across the savannah.
 Weeds the best.
 And they're like, Herodotus, just write stuff,
 just be a historian, write stuff down.
 Quit smoking all the time.
 Such a slacker.
 And he's like, oh, I'll write it later.
 First I gotta play this Stone Age Nintendo.
 It's just, it's pong.
 It's just literally like rocks bouncing around in a box.
 So Herodotus, supposedly, I could not find any verification
 that Herodotus, he did go to Africa,
 but I couldn't find any verification
 that he visited the Dogon tribe or got high with them.
 Now that's because I've only been researching it
 for about two days.
 That source may be out there,
 but I couldn't find any reference
 to him actually meeting the Dogon tribe.
 So I think that part may have been added in later.
 But could he have smoked weed with the Dogon tribe?
 This is again, where we start getting interesting again.
 I think the whole thing's interesting,
 but I was looking at a map of how marijuana,
 how cannabis moved out of Central Asia across the world.
 And according to this flow chart, according to this map,
 it should not have reached Western Africa
 until the year 800 AD.
 But Herodotus was born in 484 BC.
 So there's, if that is true,
 there is no way he could have smoked weed
 with the Dogon tribe.
 So either the information is fake
 that he didn't smoke weed with the Dogon tribe,
 or weed was in that area
 long before we thought it could get there.
 And I'm going to make the claim that it was.
 This is where we get into conspiracy, but hear me out.
 I'm gonna make the claim that it was,
 and it may actually tie back to some alien encounters.
 Cannabis, like I said, known to come from Central Asia.
 It was growing on, how do you pronounce it?
 The steps.
 I know it looks like it's the steppes,
 but the steps of Mongolia, okay?
 So I started looking, again, I'm still going,
 I believe this stuff when I'm researching it,
 and then I'll present it as a skeptic,
 or if I found anything.
 This is, so I was researching this.
 I began looking through Mongolian religions,
 Mongolian gods, to see if anything matched Nomo.
 There is a mermaid goddess, but I disregarded that
 because there's mermaid goddesses everywhere,
 and she just kind of swam in the water and stuff like that.
 But there was a god of the steppes.
 A god of the steppes.
 No one has Ba's, Tengri.
 No information on him at all.
 They have a whole list on Wikipedia
 of all of these Mongolian gods.
 A lot of them have their own pages.
 Nothing on Ba's Tengri, the god of the steppes.
 Where cannabis originated from, nothing.
 Tengri was their main god in the Mongolian religion,
 and then everyone else had these signifiers.
 So he was Ba's Tengri and someone else
 was Fon's Tengri or whatever.
 But Tengri was their main god.
 I thought this was such a beautiful image.
 Tengri is seen as a pure white goose
 flying over an endless expanse of water.
 That is just a shockingly beautiful imagery.
 And in their religion, Tengri was lonely,
 so Tengri created another god.
 And that god became evil,
 and that god's purpose became to lead men down dark paths.
 Pretty typical stuff for religion.
 Tengri ended up saying, you know what?
 I'm going to retreat from the universe.
 I'm going to leave the universe up to how it goes.
 But I'm gonna give people a helping hand.
 I am going to let people contact me.
 I'm going to send people sacred animals to watch over them
 and they can converse with when they're having a bad day
 or when they're seeking advice
 or they just want something to pet.
 That was a super weird connection
 between Central Asia and the Dagon tribe,
 where you have the god pretty much hands off,
 but a spirit animal is your connection to that god.
 That is something that may play,
 I know other religions have spirit animals,
 but I think the two similarities are odd.
 The kind of hands off god,
 but will allow you to interact with a shard of that god
 in the form of a spirit animal.
 Very, very odd connection between those two.
 The Dagon tribe, nobody knows where they came from.
 They're actually not indigenous to Mali.
 They've been there for so long,
 they're considered indigenous.
 Just like someone who's Native American,
 you can say, well, yeah, but they came from Asia.
 They came from somewhere,
 but the Native Americans have been here for so long,
 they're considered indigenous people.
 Same thing with the Dogons,
 but the Dogons call themselves the Dogons.
 When they first arrived in Africa,
 it was so recent that the other tribes named them Habe,
 and Habe means stranger or pagan.
 So this tribe shows up in Africa around 3,500 BC,
 and the other tribes basically call them
 bunch of weirdos, a bunch of strangers, a bunch of pagans.
 They are out of place of all the other tribes.
 I'm going to suggest that the Dogon tribe
 migrated from Central Asia,
 and that is why we have that connection of that belief.
 And if they migrated from Central Asia,
 they may have brought cannabis with them
 in that geographical area.
 So when Herodotus was able to go there,
 they were cultivating weed in their area.
 The religions have a couple similarities.
 The cannabis story with Herodotus does not make sense
 if we look at the normal migration of cannabis.
 That story doesn't wash.
 And the fact that they were so recent
 that other tribes, other established tribes,
 recognized them as being out of towners,
 recognized them as being pagans,
 with most likely pagan beliefs.
 So it would make sense that their religion
 would be based, have a loose tie to a Central Asian religion.
 And now we go back to wrap it all up.
 You go, okay.
 So let's say that you did figure out
 that the Dogons migrated from Central Asia.
 I might have called them Dagon's a couple of times
 because that horror movie, but not saying they're...
 Oh, I just remembered.
 Dagon was a horror movie
 and the people were turning into fish.
 The HP Lovecraft.
 Anyways, that's not proof.
 That's not proof.
 So you're like, Jason, you're skeptical about it.
 You don't think aliens brought weed down to the planet.
 Da, da, da, da.
 I haven't completely put on my skeptic cap
 because let me reveal these two last pieces of information.
 First off, the reason why James sent me this story
 was because it was in reference,
 and I cut this out of his comment
 when I was reading it to you.
 It was in reference to the story
 of the Johnny Sands encounter.
 Happened in 1976, there was a country musician.
 Quick overview if you didn't hear the episode.
 1976, there was a country musician
 who says he was visited by pale aliens with gills.
 And through the course of the investigation,
 he found out, and a man in black told him this,
 that the pale aliens with gills
 came from the Sirius star system.
 They were amphibious, and they didn't have fish tails.
 They didn't have fish tails in his version,
 but he said they came from the Sirius star system,
 which that planet orbiting it is like half water, half land,
 and sometimes land gets too hot so they go in the water.
 So they can breathe in the air, but they also have gills.
 Johnny Sands experienced that event in January of 1976.
 He was telling people that story
 for the course of the year 1976.
 The book, The Sirius Mystery,
 which talks about the gill aliens from Sirius,
 came out in 1976.
 Now his encounter was in January of 1976.
 It's possible that that book came out right before it.
 He read it and he goes, aw shucks,
 I'm gonna make up a story about this.
 That's possible.
 But his encounter took place on January 29th.
 So unless that book came out in those first 28 days,
 it's unlikely.
 The thing that really set it off, the book was popular,
 but so was that television show in search of,
 like I said, that show didn't broadcast,
 start broadcasting until 1977.
 So even that is after Johnny Sands' story takes place.
 So unless Johnny Sands read a French anthropologist guidebook
 on the Dogon tribe, it was a bizarre coincidence.
 Absolutely bizarre coincidence.
 It could be he's retroactively changed his story
 because I haven't read the actual,
 the original news articles
 when he was doing press on this.
 That's possible to be part of the hype,
 but it's also possible that he met an alien
 with gills from the Sirius Star System.
 Odd coincidence.
 Now if his encounter was in the 80s,
 I would completely write it off
 to the fact that he would read this book
 and was making it up.
 But the fact that his encounter took place,
 at the very least, he may have added the part about the MIB,
 the Men in Black agent telling them from Sirius.
 He may have added that over the years,
 but his initial encounter of the pale-faced aliens
 with the gills was 100% being reported January 30th, 1976.
 So again, unless that book came out
 the first part of January,
 he's telling the truth.
 I mean, again, I don't know if aliens actually visited him,
 but he's not adding that to the mythos.
 So that's an interesting connection between this stuff.
 And to wrap it all up, let's look back at Bos Tengri.
 Tengri is basically the God, the main God name,
 and then all the other gods have Tengri
 and then a qualifier in front of it.
 So you have like water Tengri, fire Tengri,
 electric Tengri, whatever, they're Pokemon.
 But Bos Tengri, very, very little information.
 A lot of them have, like I said,
 very detailed descriptions of what they look like.
 Could not find anything.
 I finally had to find the definition of the word Bos in Mongolian.
 Bos means, according to Google,
 so some bunch of Mongolians don't come over here
 and like raid my house on horseback,
 but Bos means gray or the gray God.
 It might be a coincidence that the one color
 we almost always connect with alien life
 is the God of the area
 where cannabis first appeared on the planet.
 You have the gray God who was worshiped
 over the steppes of Mongolia
 where cannabis was first discovered.
 Not just cultivated, but first sprouted up out of the ground.
 The gray God ruled that area.
 I used to smoke, I used to smoke a lot,
 and I get the connection between people thinking
 that it is some sort of supernatural herb
 or that it is from another planet
 because the effects are so intense.
 There's also been conspiracies that magic mushrooms are alien.
 There's been conspiracies that, for whatever reason,
 cilantro is from another planet.
 But I don't get that one either.
 I don't get that one either.
 But I get why people who smoke weed
 or have interacted with weed
 can easily believe that it's not of this earth
 because the effects it has on the human brain
 are not of this earth.
 Cannabis may be from another planet.
 Cannabis may just be a plant
 that creates a special connection
 between the user and nature.
 It is like being an adult
 and viewing the world with the eyes of an infant.
 Everything seems new and special and bright and shiny.
 Everything seems important and funny and good.
 It may not be from another planet,
 but it makes you feel like an alien on your own planet.
 And because of that,
 I get why people respond to this conspiracy.
 There definitely seems like there's something unique
 about marijuana, something special, something alien.
 There may be no proof that it is from another star system,
 but that's not gonna stop people from lighting up
 and imagining that it is.
 DeadRabberRadio@gmail.com is gonna be your email address.
 You can also hit us up at facebook.com/deadrabberadio.
 Twitter is @deadrabberadio.
 DeadRabberRadio is the daily paranormal conspiracy
 and true crime podcast.
 You don't have to listen to it every day,
 but I'm glad you listened to it today.
 Have a great one, guys.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
