 - Charlotte, main of God here.
 I can't wait to see you
 at the Black Effect Podcast Festival
 coming to you live on Saturday, April 22nd
 at the Pullman Yards in Atlanta,
 hosted by myself and Jess Halaak.
 If you haven't gotten your tickets,
 what are you waiting for?
 The Black Effect is bringing some
 of the hottest podcasts live,
 like the '85 South Show,
 "Horrible Decisions," and "Big Facts" for one day only, okay?
 For inspiring podcasters, we've got you covered.
 You don't wanna miss the Black Effect Podcast Festival?
 Make sure to get your tickets today at blackeffect.com.
 Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.
 - What would you do if you were out on a picnic
 with your toddler, and he looks into the distance
 and goes, "There's a dead woman over there."
 (laughing)
 What would you do in that super specific instance?
 And I wanna know about anything else.
 And then we take a look at the ever-evolving saga
 of the Dibbock box, an item so cursed
 that even going near it can cause unspeakably bad luck.
 Well, now there is a terrifying new chapter
 to the legend of the Dibbock box,
 what some consider to be the most cursed item
 on the planet, today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 (upbeat music)
 Hey, everyone, welcome back to another episode
 of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host, Jason Garminer.
 I'm having a great day.
 I hope you guys are having a great day too.
 We got a ton of stuff to cover today.
 And I just drank a coke.
 I got a ton of caffeine,
 and I normally don't drink caffeine,
 so I'm doing finger guns.
 Do, do, do, do.
 And I'm doing finger guns at one of our legacy Patreons,
 coming into Dead Rabbit Command right now.
 We got Corey Dennis, come here.
 Do, do, do, do.
 Shootin' at him.
 He's like, "Great, how am I gonna be on the episode
 with Hyper Jason?
 This is gonna be awesome."
 You bet it is.
 Corey, you're gonna be our captain, our pilot,
 in this episode.
 If you guys can't support the Patreon, that's fine too.
 Just help spread the word about the show.
 It really, really helps out a lot.
 Really, really appreciate it
 when I see people talking about the show online.
 Corey, I'm gonna go ahead and toss you the keys
 to the Jason Jalopy.
 We're gonna leave behind Dead Rabbit Command.
 We are headed on out to the Madera County Mountains
 in California.
 (imitates gunfire)
 Corey driving us in this old timey Jalopy
 up over the mountains.
 It totally breaks down.
 We have to push it half the way, but it's okay.
 Eventually we're gonna get to shut eye peak
 in the Madera County Mountains.
 It's July 21st, 2021.
 Super recent story, this happened.
 There's a man, his name is Jake Gorba.
 He's there with his wife, Victoria,
 and they have three kids, the Gorba Clan, the Gorba Group.
 They're having, they have three kids are up there,
 they're eating lunch, num, num, num, num.
 And their three-year-old son, Caden,
 he's, num, num, num, num, eating his food.
 And then he starts talking to someone,
 and the family's like, "That's weird.
 We totally isolate him.
 He's on restriction.
 He can't talk to anyone.
 Why is he talking?"
 He's talking to someone.
 He's not talking to anyone in the family.
 And he keeps going, "There's a lady over there.
 There's a lady over there."
 See?
 He's pointing out this spot in the meadow.
 He's like pointing, he goes, "There's a lady over there."
 Apparently he turned into, he turned into Woody Allen.
 Somehow there's a lady over there,
 and he describes this woman, what she looks like.
 'Cause they don't see anything.
 This is one thing I don't get, like,
 people are always telling me
 their kids are seeing spooky stuff.
 And I'm not like a huge fan of like kids, kids in general.
 But if your kids are like pointing off
 and so does the void,
 your kids are pointing off into nothingness and being,
 there's a woman over there.
 Your child sounds like Woody Allen all of a sudden.
 There's a woman over there, and she has blue hair.
 And she's wearing a black shirt,
 and she has blue jeans on.
 Look, but she's dead.
 The kid gets all creepy.
 I don't think the kid,
 I don't think the kid was saying it in the most menacing way.
 I think it was probably just like,
 "Yay, I'm a three-year-old."
 However, three-year-old sound.
 Apparently they all sound like Woody Allen.
 He describes her,
 "Oh, sometimes I don't even know what I'm doing the voice."
 This is what Caden sees.
 He sees a woman lying face down in the meadow.
 And it's, the woman is talking to Caden.
 But really what he's seeing is she's lying face down
 in the meadow, she has blue hair,
 a black shirt and blue jeans.
 And he says that her legs are bent up.
 Like she's laying face down,
 but her legs are sticking straight up in the air.
 Like I'm assuming it like the knee.
 Which is just weird, right?
 Which normally when I walk away from a dead corpse
 after I've done my job, it's totally prone.
 No, she's like laying face down,
 but her legs are sticking straight up in the air.
 And he's telling them she needs our help.
 She needs our help, but she's dead.
 She's over there, but she's dead.
 I can see her, can't you guys see her?
 And Jacob and Victoria, they don't see anything over there.
 And Caden is insistent.
 There's a dead woman over there.
 Mom, I don't know how many times I have to say this.
 There's a dead woman over there.
 She needs our help.
 Well, what are you gonna do, right?
 You practice delicious picnic.
 You're gonna finish eating your food,
 eat your egg salad sandwich, Caden.
 Ignore the decaying woman.
 Ignore her haunting spirit in the meadow.
 You have to finish eating.
 Anyway, so they, I don't know.
 (laughs)
 Factually, I don't know.
 I don't know they've finished their picnic.
 Because again, like if you're hanging out with kids,
 kids are always seeing weird stuff.
 You're gonna be like, oh no, ghost.
 'Cause then every time you went to McDonald's,
 they'll be like, oh no, there's a giant purple,
 there's a giant purple,
 is Grimmis still leaving around in McDonald's?
 Okay, totally getting off the point.
 Cory Dennis is already getting the Jason Jalopy.
 He's driving away.
 Okay, I gotta focus.
 The point is, is that,
 I don't, the point is I don't know
 if they finished their picnic.
 But they did eventually come down from the mountain.
 And they're thinking about it.
 Jake and Victoria thinking about it,
 and they're like, dude, that was so weird
 that our son is such a weirdo.
 But maybe he saw something.
 So they find out, they post this on Facebook.
 They find out that a woman matching that description,
 blue hair included, went missing in that area.
 Now, in that area is a bit of a stretch.
 She went missing in the mountains.
 I couldn't find any proof
 that she actually went missing on Shutteye Peak.
 But they were able to find,
 there was a woman named Sandra Hughes,
 who had gone missing in June, 2020,
 almost over a year before this.
 And Sandra Hughes, when she went missing,
 she was up camping in the mountains.
 She went missing, her family goes,
 listen, she is a trained outdoor survivalist.
 She's not the person who'd be like,
 oh no, the weather's slightly turned gray.
 I'm just gonna crawl into this ravine and die.
 This isn't a place she would have lasted a while up here,
 even on her own with no surprise.
 But the police have been looking for her.
 She's been a missing person for over a year.
 When Jake and Victoria put this on Facebook,
 it actually got the attention
 of the Madera County Sheriff's Office.
 And the Madera County Sheriff Corporal Chris Williams
 contacted the family and wanted more information
 about this sighting and actually sent two deputies
 up with Jake and Caden to see what they could see
 at the meadow.
 And you know those cops,
 (coyote howling)
 you know those cops are kind of like,
 oh, you know, on the one hand,
 this might be a break in a case.
 There was one, and we might be hanging out
 with the sixth sense kid.
 And this is gonna be a break in the case.
 And the kid will be like, look, there's a ghost.
 And then like the ghost like goes,
 this is where I, this is where I'm buried.
 And also this is who killed me and all this stuff.
 Or it's just a nice fun drive up into the mountains.
 Like I don't know if the cops on duty
 actually thought anything would come of this,
 but nothing did come of this.
 They drove up there and they looked around
 and they didn't see, they didn't see anything.
 They didn't see, they saw a cross.
 They saw a little cross with a dog collar around it.
 That's a callback to yesterday's episode.
 Point is they smell yogurt coming out of the ground.
 The point is, is that a little kid saw a ghost.
 So that's spooky, right?
 That's paranormal.
 They didn't find anything.
 They didn't find anything, unfortunately.
 So the case of Sandra Hughes continues.
 No one knows what happened to her.
 There were other sightings of her apparently.
 One time like, she went missing in June, 2020
 on August 9th of 2020.
 Two hunters were going through the mountains.
 They saw a woman leaning against a tree.
 She was thin, this thin woman kind of leaning against a tree
 and the two hunters passed her.
 I'm assuming they're in a truck or something like that.
 They said she didn't flag us down.
 She obviously saw, she didn't flag us down.
 She didn't seem to stress.
 She was just standing there.
 And when they drove into town,
 they saw a missing persons flyer for her.
 They said she was much skinnier when they saw her
 than just a month ago when the picture was taken.
 So was that Sandra Hughes?
 Was that an early viewing of her ghost?
 Like, who knows?
 It's just such a weird mystery.
 Now it's gonna become a paranormal legend.
 People are always gonna talk about this meadow
 and the ghost sighting and things like that.
 But did a little boy actually see her?
 This is a story that I think,
 I mean, this is probably the wrong episode
 to talk about this, but this story sounds legit to me.
 The kid may have actually seen something
 and you know what I mean?
 And then the story played out how it was
 and the police say, well, we don't have any other leads
 so let's go investigate it.
 It sounds fairly legit, but you never know.
 In the world of the paranormal, let that be a reminder.
 You never know if somebody is telling the truth.
 No matter how noble it may be
 or how innocuous this story may seem,
 you just don't know.
 I just stand there, we're standing there in the meadow
 and I'm just staring at you silently
 and you're like, that's weird, Jason,
 is this going somewhere?
 Like, why are you just staring at me?
 After you saying we don't know if we can trust people.
 Corey Dennis, let's go ahead and hop in that carbonar copter.
 We trust you to fly us out from shut-eye peak.
 We are headed to Portland, Oregon.
 (imitates gunfire)
 We covered the Dibbock box back on episode 67.
 Can you believe that?
 That's almost 700 episodes ago, 650 episodes ago.
 We covered the sound exhaust when I said that.
 No, I love doing the show.
 Episode 67, we talked about the Dibbock box,
 but the Dibbock box had been a story
 that I've carried with myself for years.
 I remember the first time I heard about the Dibbock box.
 It was a rainy day in Sacramento.
 I was listening to the podcast, Mysterious Universe,
 way back in the day.
 It had to be like 2003, 2004, something like that.
 And like the rain was pitter-pattering out the window
 and it just was such so well done.
 The Mysterious Universe can really weave these stories.
 You're telling the story.
 And at the end of the story, they go, you know,
 just by hearing about the Dibbock box,
 you're part of the curse.
 And I remember it like really scared me.
 It really was a very interesting story, terrified me.
 And I thought, wow, the Dibbock box,
 what a cool addition to the paranormal lexicon.
 We have this whole new story about this Dibbock box.
 I covered it on an episode and it's super well known.
 There's been movies made about it.
 There's been lots of articles written about it.
 So I didn't really cover it when I was doing the show,
 even though I love the story of the Dibbock box.
 It's fairly well known and I cover more obscure stuff.
 I covered it on episode 67
 because it became a current event.
 Rapper musician Post Malone.
 Is he really even considered a rapper?
 Musician Post Malone, he had a string of bad luck.
 You guys remember this?
 His airplane tire blew out and he got in a car accident.
 And then his former house got home invaded
 or something like that.
 And the idea was that he was visiting
 with his friend, Zach Baggins,
 one of the most famous ghost hunters in the world
 and host of the Ghost Adventurers show.
 He was saying that was Zach Baggins.
 Zach Baggins was mucking about with the Dibbock box
 which is in his possession now.
 He has like this ghost museum.
 And Post Malone simply touched Zach Baggins shoulder.
 Zach Baggins was touching the Dibbock box
 and all this horrible battle that came across Post Malone.
 And I haven't listened to episode 67 in a long time.
 I believe I was fairly skeptical
 about the idea of the battle that being attacked.
 Maybe it wasn't, but it was like, ooh, spooky, oaky,
 Dibbock.
 I don't remember exactly what path I took on that episode
 but I do remember loving the story of the Dibbock box.
 Still love the story of the Dibbock box.
 And now we have new information
 about how this legend is growing
 but I'm gonna do a quick overview for you.
 Not everyone knows what the Dibbock box is
 but let's talk about it very, very briefly.
 It's a cursed box and this is the story.
 It was originally owned by a Holocaust survivor
 and a Dibbock is in Jewish tradition,
 it's a restless spirit.
 And a Dibbock box is a prison for that spirit.
 So this guy, his name was Kevin Manis.
 He said back in 2001, he bought this Dibbock box
 in Portland, Oregon and he was told
 this was from a Holocaust survivor, do not open it.
 Do not open it, it has some bad juju in it
 and just don't open it.
 We'll sell it to you, we'll be irresponsible
 and sell you this relic, but don't open it.
 And Kevin Manis opens it.
 And that kind of started this whole worldwide phenomenon
 of this Dibbock box legend.
 It got so bad that people,
 and this is where we're coming at here,
 just by hearing about the Dibbock box,
 people say that they have bad luck.
 People say by even viewing photos of the Dibbock box
 is one guy said his computer caught on fire.
 Just by viewing photos of the Dibbock box.
 2001, Kevin Manis purchases this Dibbock box
 and is hit with wave after wave of bad luck.
 Even his friends, people who are around the Dibbock box
 keep having nightmares of this old woman
 with sunken eyeballs stalking them through their dreams.
 His sister complained of cabinet doors
 in her house opening and closing.
 It's causing poltergeist activity.
 It was linked to two different suicides.
 And then he gives it to his mom.
 This is, listen man, you may have problems with your mom,
 but if this is, this caused two suicides,
 if it's even caused one suicide,
 I don't know why you do this.
 He gave it to his mom as a gift.
 Shortly afterwards, she had a stroke.
 And she did an interview with this show
 called Paranormal Witness.
 And she says that, you know,
 I knew when I opened the Dibbock box,
 like, oh, this caused two suicides.
 Thank you, Sonny.
 This is my favorite gift ever.
 She goes, when I got the Dibbock box and I opened it up,
 I felt like this icy evil presence come out of the box.
 Like I knew I shouldn't have had this.
 I knew that my son must be trying to kill me.
 And I had a stroke.
 So Kevin Manis sells it on eBay.
 And he writes this long description detailing all this stuff.
 The bad luck, the story of what he found in it.
 I think there was like two coins, a piece of hair,
 some other stuff that was supposed to be part
 of this Dibbock box ritual.
 He goes, I opened it up.
 I wasn't supposed to.
 There's like this etching on the back and blah, blah, blah.
 And then all this bad luck.
 And my mom had a stroke and two suicides.
 How would you like to buy this?
 And he ends up selling it on eBay to this new owner.
 The new owner also feels very cursed by it.
 They sell it fairly quickly afterwards
 to a man known as Jason Haxden.
 Now Jason Haxden gets it, also gets hit with bad luck.
 But writes a book about it.
 Writes a book called My Unlucky Day
 with Ramona and Beezus.
 He writes this book, it wasn't a kid's book.
 I don't think it was a kid's book.
 It's a Papa book.
 You turn the page and an old woman
 with sunken eyes comes out at you.
 He writes a book about it.
 And him and Kevin, Kevin Manis,
 are consultants on the movie The Possession in 2012.
 I remember the Dibbock scared me so much.
 The story scared me so much.
 I didn't even want to watch that movie.
 And I did, I did watch it.
 It was okay.
 It was a decent movie.
 I give it three possessions.
 I only got possessed three times.
 Now it was an okay movie,
 but I remember I didn't want to watch a movie.
 I didn't want to watch the trailers.
 The story of the Dibbock's really, really scared me.
 The director of The Possession, old Borendahl.
 He's not one.
 (laughs)
 It sounds like one of the dwarves from Lord of the Rings.
 No, he actually is like,
 I think he's a Russian director.
 He directed The Night Watch.
 He directed the movie.
 He said crazy stuff started happening on the set.
 He said, five days after the movie wrapped filming,
 a fire broke out and destroyed all the props in the film.
 So this box, this Dibbock box is legend at this point.
 Like in the paranormal community, this is way up there.
 I can't, I don't want to say it's as big as, you know,
 Area 51 or something like that,
 but it's super well known.
 It's super, super well known.
 It has movies based on it.
 Zach Baggins, biggest ghost hunter in the world,
 buys it from Jason Hackston,
 'cause he was the last person to have it,
 for an undisclosed amount.
 We don't know how much he bought it for.
 And he puts it in his museum of curiosities.
 And he has called it the most cursed item on Earth.
 This Dibbock box is just so powerful
 that if Post Malone is anywhere near you
 and you touch it, Post Malone will have bad luck.
 So the legend has grown.
 The legend has grown.
 That's really where most stories end.
 It turns out two things.
 Two things have come to light recently.
 One, this is only one of 10 Dibbock boxes.
 Kevin Manis has seven more of them.
 Now he's given one of these Dibbock boxes to Zach Baggins.
 So now Zach Baggins has two.
 Kevin Manis has six.
 And Kevin says, here's the full story.
 There was some Jewish cabalist wizards
 during World War II.
 And they saw the threat of Nazi Germany.
 So what they did was they summoned a demon,
 a Dibbock, to be specific,
 to help the Jewish people fight off the Nazis.
 But they couldn't control it.
 This Dibbock became too powerful
 and began, it was like, "World War II walks away
 from World War II."
 I'm sure everything will be fine, guys.
 He walks away from World War II
 and he's doing all these other disasters
 like he caused the Korean War.
 He's always just like, "Come on over here, North Korea."
 It sure is sunny down in the South Korea.
 He caused all these other catastrophes
 and didn't really help the Jews out during World War II.
 So these Jewish cabalist wizards had to capture the Dibbock
 and he's so powerful they had to separate him
 into 10 different boxes.
 So Zach Baggins has two of them.
 Kevin Manis has six of them
 and the other two cannot be found.
 They cannot be located.
 Kevin Manis says no one knows where they're at.
 If all 10 of these items are brought together,
 if all 10 of these boxes are brought together,
 the demon will be unleashed.
 You thought Post Malone's tire blowing out
 on his plane was bad.
 Just wait until the demon devours us all.
 That recently came to light.
 And then another big piece of the Dibbock legend
 came to light, it's fake.
 It's 100% made up, 100%.
 The whole story is fraudulent.
 This is fascinating.
 I'm going to read you quotes.
 This isn't Jason being skeptical and saying,
 "Well, I found," no.
 Kevin Manis, let's dig into this
 'cause this is so fascinating.
 I read an article recently on inputmag.com
 and the website seems to be very tech geared,
 tech in like cutting edge technology,
 computer stuff, a little bit of fashion.
 Seems to kind of be a lifestyle magazine.
 It's not set up to be a skeptical magazine
 or anything like that.
 Inputmag.com, there's an article by Charles Moss
 and it exposes with Kevin Manis' help,
 the fraud that is the story of the Dibbock box.
 And now I'm telling you,
 I'm going to be reporting this with a big smile on my face
 and I'm going to be laughing about this,
 but also to be very, I didn't want to sugarcoat this.
 I was fooled too.
 Like I was scared of the Dibbock box, right?
 I was scared of that legend.
 I didn't want to watch the trailer or the movie.
 You know what I mean?
 So I'm not saying, "Oh, look at me, I'm skeptical."
 I was not only did I get suckered into the story,
 I enjoyed the ride along the way,
 but let's take a look at this.
 It's so fascinating.
 Back in 2015, the first hint that this was fraudulent
 kind of got revealed on Facebook.
 And again, it wasn't some person going,
 "Well, demons don't exist or that's so fooling."
 You know, that's easy skepticism.
 Kevin Manis made a Facebook post back in 2015.
 What happened is there's a web series called Haunt Me
 or Haunt and Me like Haunt Main.
 And it's a bunch of kids, a bunch of teenagers, early 20s
 running around ghost hunting.
 I've never watched a show, it sounds fun, right?
 We always want to encourage people going out,
 having fun ghost adventures.
 Trademark, I'm gonna train work that name, Ghost Adventures.
 But you know what I mean?
 We want to encourage that.
 There's nothing wrong with that.
 I've never seen a show.
 But anyway, so in an episode,
 they start talking about a Dibbit box.
 And they start talking about this Dibbit box contains
 like this level demon and blah, blah, blah, blah.
 And Kevin Manis gets upset by that.
 And so he posts this back in 2015
 on the Haunt Me's Facebook page, quote,
 "I am uniquely qualified to make these,"
 he started off by saying how you can't say this
 about the Dibbit box and stuff like that.
 Quote, "I am uniquely qualified to make these claims
 as I am the original creator of the story
 of the Dibbit box, which appeared as one of my eBay posts
 back in 2003.
 The idea that Dibbit boxes have some kind of history
 prior to my story, and the idea that a Dibbit box
 could contain anything other than a Dibbit,
 along with any deviation to the type of contents I created
 to be found inside of a Dibbit box, is laughable at best."
 How about this, he continues in his quote,
 "How about this, if you," this is super important,
 this is super important, "How about this,
 if you or anyone else can find any reference
 to a Dibbit box anywhere in history prior to my eBay post,
 I'll pay you $100,000 and tattoo your name on my forehead,"
 unquote.
 So they were adding to the mythology,
 they're adding to like this different type of Dibbit box,
 and he's like, "No, I know what's in the Dibbit box
 because I created it.
 I mean, I discovered it."
 And people read this and they go, "Wait a second,
 if this is a real thing, how could you make
 such a bold claim?"
 You say, "Nowhere in history was a Dibbit box ever there
 until I set it, until my eBay post."
 So people, again, there's always people who are skeptical,
 then there's people who believe in the paranormal,
 but are open to skepticism,
 and then there are people who believe anything.
 And after that Facebook post popped up,
 people started to get suspicious.
 How can you claim if it's real if you can say
 it didn't exist before my eBay post?
 Charles Moss is interviewing him,
 'cause he had recently heard about this Dibbit box story,
 like earlier this year.
 He's interviewing him and first off,
 Kevin Manis has kind of given him some weird answers
 and he's kind of like messing stuff up
 and he's kind of getting some details foggy.
 And then he asks, "You know what, Charles,
 let's do another interview,
 but next time really I want you to push me.
 I really want you to push me
 and get the BS out of the way."
 And so Charles Moss does some other research
 and does start interviewing him again.
 And during the second interview,
 we have this back and forth.
 Quote, this is a quote from Kevin Manis,
 "I am a creative writer.
 The Dibbit box is a story that I created.
 And the Dibbit box story has done exactly
 what I intended it to do when I posted it 20 years ago.
 "Which is what?" I ask him.
 "Which is to become an interactive story in real time."
 And then Charles Moss goes on a write,
 "Though Manis did buy the wine cabinet at a yard sale,
 it was from an attorney,
 not the granddaughter of a Holocaust survivor.
 The carving in the back of it is my carving," Manis says.
 "The stone that was in the box
 is something that is a signature creation of mine also.
 Make no mistake, I conceived of the Dibbit box,
 the name, the term, the idea,
 and wrote this creative story around it to post on eBay."
 The reporter, being a good reporter,
 begins to interview Kevin Manis' friends
 and they knew it was a fraud as well.
 One of them said, "Oh, the hair in the box, that was my hair."
 Even his mother was in on it.
 She didn't fake the stroke.
 She really had a stroke, but she lied.
 She, he goes, "That was a mother's love
 for her to lie on paranormal witness for me."
 She made it up.
 100% the story was made up.
 Charles Moss couldn't verify that there were two suicides
 that were linked to it.
 One guy supposedly like knocked it over
 and then like him and his boss killed himself.
 He wasn't even able to verify that those suicides took place.
 And Kevin Manis goes, "Oh, no, no, no, the suicides are real,
 but here's the thing, when you have someone
 who has lied on the record for 20 years."
 Fascinating, fascinating, it's 100% a lie.
 So fascinating.
 Now what's happening is Jason Hxton is saying,
 listen, what I think is that he did buy the box
 from an attorney, maybe his story's true,
 but what I think is he might have used
 Kabbalah magic himself to curse the item.
 And Kevin Manis is like, "No, I didn't do that.
 I didn't do that."
 It's all made up.
 But it's interesting because we have all these people
 with financial motives based on it.
 Kevin Manis sold the box for a couple hundred dollars,
 but then he's a consultant on this movie.
 Jason Hxton wrote a book and is a consultant on this movie
 and sells it to Zach Baggins.
 And everyone has to kind of save their own butt.
 Now Jason Hxton goes, "Listen,
 I did get a string of bad luck after I got this thing."
 Kevin Manis says, "I told Jason Hxton
 the story wasn't real.
 I told the guy who bought it right after me.
 I called him up and said, listen, I'm sorry.
 I made the story up."
 And then when that guy sold it to Jason Hxton,
 Kevin Manis called him up and said,
 "Listen, just so you know,"
 and I told the previous guy this,
 "This story's fake."
 So he's saying Jason Hxton knew it was a fraud.
 But Jason Hxton goes, "No, no, no,
 all this bad luck really did happen to me."
 You know, the story's so fascinating on so many levels,
 but of course we're waiting to hear,
 what does Zach Baggins have to say about this?
 Because he's the guy who's out the most.
 Who in the world was Kevin Manis and Jason Hxton
 before this happened?
 But Zach Baggins, this is the centerpiece of his museum.
 He's done episodes about this, about this Dibbock's.
 His professional reputation is on the line.
 What is he saying about this?
 Very, very interesting.
 Here's a quote from Zach Baggins.
 "Since owning the Dibbock's,
 there have been countless documented experiences
 people have had with it,
 not just from myself, but my museum staff,
 my fellow crew members, visitors, and most,"
 this is so ridiculous, "and most notably, Post Malone.
 Who cares, right?
 Post Malone, great singer.
 That'd be like saying, come and visit
 my world-famous roller coaster.
 It's Neil deGrasse Tyson's favorite roller coaster.
 Who cares?
 He's not a roller coaster expert.
 I don't understand why you would evoke
 the name of Post Malone."
 It's not helping your argument,
 but yet he does, most notably Post Malone.
 And he goes on to say, "I don't believe
 that this is the full truth.
 I think there is so much more to the Dibbock's
 and regardless of its origins,
 it is very much cursed and evil."
 Then he goes on from there, "I'm not surprised
 there are more controversy and conflict
 keep arising from it.
 The Dibbock's has always raised questions
 and intrigue and this adds to its narrative.
 The narrative is that it's fake."
 And this is what I find so fascinating about the story.
 And again, I would broaden, hook, line, and sinker.
 The Dibbock's story scared me.
 I find this super fascinating.
 But the origins of it, he says,
 "Regardless of its origins, no,
 the origins of it is what makes it the story.
 You can buy one of these wine cabinets,
 these little wine cabinets that he turned this into.
 They sell them.
 This isn't a rare thing.
 You can buy one of these wine cabinets."
 It was the lineage.
 It was the story.
 Is what makes it unique.
 Really, it's just a wine cabinet at this point.
 And then any bad luck that you come across
 and you go, "Oh, that's weird.
 I went to this wine cabinet one day
 and two weeks later, the wheel fell off my bicycle."
 Like you want to make that connection.
 We have good and bad luck all the time
 and we interact with new things constantly.
 Every time we're walking on the street,
 imagine how much your brain would break
 if every time something, every time you had bad luck,
 you had to think of every new thing you encountered
 in the past day or two.
 You're walking through a story.
 They got a new bag of Oreos on the counter.
 Now, if those Oreos came from John Wayne Gacy's kitchen,
 that's the origin of them.
 They're super stale, but that'd be the origin.
 That'd be the lineage.
 That would make them curse.
 There was that thing I heard.
 I think it was on the para pod.
 They said, "If you had two knives, two kitchen knives,
 they're exactly, or maybe a sofa king podcast."
 It was one of the two.
 They're both great podcasts,
 but you have two kitchen knives sitting on a counter.
 The one on the left is an ordinary,
 they're the exact same package.
 They're exactly same kitchen knife.
 The one on the left is a kitchen knife
 and the one on the right is a kitchen knife
 that was used to murder a man.
 Is there a difference between those two knives?
 So that's what we're looking at
 when we're talking about the Dibbock box.
 If the origin is fake, then it's worthless.
 It's a fraud.
 It's fake.
 And so there's two routes.
 I had a good chuckle about this whole thing.
 I didn't invest a ton of money in it.
 I just invested time and I do still think
 it's an interesting story.
 And to me, this makes it more interesting
 'cause we have a conclusion,
 but there's a couple of different routes
 you could go through.
 One, the easiest route,
 and I'm sure it's the one that you guys are thinking about.
 I bet you it's the one that'll go down,
 is that the Dibbock box was just a box,
 but because everyone was scared of it,
 we turned it into a tulpa.
 Like we collectively made the Dibbock box real.
 So you're right, the Dibbock box itself
 was just a wine cabinet with a bunch of junk in it.
 But because everyone believed there was a demon in it,
 we made a demon go in it.
 That's the easiest out for anyone involved.
 They could say, like Jason's cabala magic.
 If Kevin Mann has really let Jason know it was fake,
 then that's an issue that Zach Baggins needs
 to take up with Jason.
 But you could say, Jason could say,
 "Ah, cabala magic was used to curse this thing."
 But I think collectively going forward, they'll go,
 "The Dibbock box was fake,
 but we've made it real through the tulpa process."
 You could go that route.
 But here's the thing.
 Paranormal researchers are always complaining
 about not being taken seriously
 by the scientific community all the time.
 I hear it all the time.
 How come they won't believe that my spirit box
 or my EVP meter or my temperature gauge
 that's showing that it's colder in here,
 how come this isn't legitimate stuff?
 How come we get dismissed when we're bigfoot researchers
 or UFO hunters and stuff like that?
 Well, stuff like this doesn't help, right?
 Stuff like this doesn't help when someone comes down
 and goes, "I've been defrauding you for 20 years."
 This stuff doesn't help.
 But I think about it like this.
 We don't need to be like the scientific community.
 We need to be better than a scientific community.
 So let me explain.
 And the scientific community is rife with fraud as well.
 And we all know it.
 We pretend that it doesn't exist.
 We pretend that the sugar companies
 aren't paying for studies to show
 that artificial sweeteners give you nerve damage.
 We pretend to think that cell phone companies
 aren't telling scientists, "What?
 No, no, cell phones don't cause brain tumors."
 Any scientific study you see has been paid for by somebody.
 Either it's a private group or it's a college
 that gets its funding from the government or private groups.
 It's all bought off.
 Now, some of it's less bought off than others.
 But science is rife with fraud.
 It really is.
 The difference is that pure science can tell the truth,
 but so often it's, "Cigarettes are healthy for you
 until they're not."
 Right?
 I mean, I could list every, oh no, eugenics,
 that's the way to go.
 That's what science believed for the longest time
 and now it doesn't.
 And 40 years from now, people are gonna look back
 at the science of today and being like,
 "You guys were barbarians.
 You guys actually believed that?"
 Anyways, so we need to be, as paranormal researchers,
 we need to be better than science.
 We need to call the fraud what it is.
 Fraud.
 In the business, this is what I think,
 in the world of business, you call out fraud
 and you shut it down and then that's it.
 There are people who still believe in old-timey science stuff.
 They're just completely dismissed.
 The flat earth is perfect.
 Stuff that's been completely dismissed by science.
 There are people who still believe it.
 There are people who still believe
 that this dibbock box is cursed.
 There's no one who still believes
 that Bernie Madoff was a good businessman.
 But we need to do that.
 We need to call out the fraud when we see it.
 And Zach Baggins could easily say,
 Zach Baggins could easily come out and say,
 "I was duped.
 "This dibbock box is not real.
 "And I'm gonna sue everybody.
 "I'm suing Jason Haxson if he really knew.
 "I'm definitely suing Kevin Manis
 "because he was perpetrating it.
 "I'm suing him because that's what we need
 "for paranormal research to go forward.
 "We can't keep piling on lies."
 I really think that's what he should do.
 I think that would be a huge move for paranormal research
 because science has a hard time doing that.
 Science will hold on to that truth
 and hold on to that grant money as long as they can
 and keep pumping out the same study as long as this company,
 this conglomerate or this group is paying them.
 They'll keep saying stuff even though it damages people,
 even though it can hurt us, they'll keep pushing it
 until other scientists come forward
 and either because they've done good science
 and say that's wrong or because another group
 pays them off to run a study.
 But we need to be better than that.
 And Zach Baggins, I would love it.
 I would have so much respect for you if you came forward
 and said, "This is fraudulent.
 "I was duped.
 "Everyone was duped.
 "We believed it because that's what we do.
 "We love hearing these stories and we love believing them.
 "But this was fraud.
 "I'm suing them and let's move forward."
 And I'm gonna keep this into my museum
 because this is an important part of paranormal research
 that we get misled.
 I think that would be great.
 And I think it would send a message to science.
 I could care less.
 I've never been one of those people who's trying
 to find proof so I can prove to some nonbeliever
 that ghosts exist or do.
 I don't honestly care.
 But if we wanna send the message to,
 yes, we're gonna hold ourselves accountable
 just like scientific community does,
 just like the business community does,
 we're gonna, if it fails, if it fails the smell test,
 if it's fraudulent, let's call it out.
 And sue, ensue these people who committed this fraud
 and that would just be a great thing.
 But I don't think that's how the story's gonna end.
 I think it's gonna be, it was a tolpa now
 and we created it in our head.
 And does that mean the other 10 boxes really exist out there?
 How far does the tolpa extend?
 I mean, you know what I mean?
 It's just easier sometimes to just say, "It came over.
 We lost, we lost this one, but we still believe in ghosts.
 We still believe in the paranormal."
 And so on and so forth.
 I don't think it's gonna happen.
 I think they're gonna try to spin it
 that it is really haunted.
 Maybe it's even more haunted
 'cause the lie caused the curse to grow or something like that.
 I find this story absolutely fascinating.
 I love it when stories have a conclusion.
 This conclusion is better than 10 Dibbock boxes
 being brought together and a demon bursting out of them
 and ruling over earth is Zach Baggins
 as his own personal pet.
 It's much better than that one.
 It's not as cool as if the Dibbock box itself was real
 and there was a demon trapped in there.
 Obviously as a believer in the paranormal
 and as a fan of it, that'd be cool.
 But it does have an ending.
 It was fake and we have to acknowledge it was fake.
 And to go forward as a parent,
 if people keep pushing that this is real,
 it just makes us all look super goofy.
 It really does.
 You'll never really be able to prove the existence
 or non-existence of Bigfoot or UFOs
 unless they make themselves available.
 But if something comes forward that we all talk about
 and it is knowably false
 and then we continue to talk about it,
 we don't need science to dismiss us.
 We don't need the normal world to dismiss us.
 We're asking to be dismissed.
 If something is knowably false, provably false
 and we still pretend that it's real,
 we deserve to be dismissed.
 And I don't think we deserve to be dismissed.
 I think we know a lot about the world.
 I think we know a lot of the secrets that other people ignore
 or they just don't want to acknowledge that are there.
 But we have to know when to call it quits.
 And I think this is the time when we go,
 "We were wrong. We got fooled."
 Me, Jason Carpenter, I got fooled by the Dibbock box story.
 It was too good to be true,
 but I will continue to look for the next story
 and the next story and the next story
 because I do believe the truth is out there
 even though we may run into a few lies along the way.
 DeadRabberRadio@gmail.com is gonna be your email address.
 You can also hit us up at facebook.com/DeadRabberRadio.
 TikTok is @DeadRabberRadio.
 DeadRabberRadio is the daily paranormal conspiracy
 and true crime podcast.
 You don't have to listen to it every day.
 I'm glad you listened to it today.
 Have a great one, guys.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
