 *Sings* Oh no, oh no, oh no. I died, I died. I died. I strapped in a hospital and something was wrong with my heart, and now I am broadcasting from the afterlife, afterlife, afterlife.
 Today I'm going to introduce you to some of my ghost buddies that I've met since I've passed away, passed away, passed away. We're gonna meet a guy who's no one for doing inappropriate stuff. Stuff not me, another guy, another guy, another guy.
 We're gonna meet some other ghosts, one that likes to haunt an unusual place, and then just some other stuff I found on Backpackerverse. Today on the afterlife special of Dead Rabbit Radio. Radio, radio.
 *Music*
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio. I'm your host, Jason Carpenter. I'm having a great day. I hope you guys are having a great day too.
 So this is part two of episode three, three, three. If you didn't listen to episode part one, it's totally fine. It's just a health update. If you don't want to hear that, you just skip past it. It doesn't matter to me if you're a new listener.
 You're not missing anything. I basically had a heart scare. Everything's fine. I was just reassuring people that everything's fine. Let's go ahead though and talk about some spooky, spooky ghosts.
 Now, little asterisks next to both of those spookies. Probably an asterisk next to ghosts. Oh, actually, I do have two shout outs to do here.
 So first off, back when I did episode 300, Crispy Bacon, the Patreon supporter, Crispy Bacon says, "You know what? Since we all talk about numerology and stuff like that, episode 333 should be a special episode."
 Because it's halfway to 666. And I said, "You're right, sir. You are right." And originally it was supposed to be a special episode, but then I ended up in the hospital.
 But technically, it's kind of special because it's the first two-parter. It's not. I think I've done other two-parter. Have I? I don't think I have.
 So Crispy Bacon is the father of our first two-parter episode. I've done other two-parters and I don't think about it, but I've never split them up like this.
 So all it took was my heart to go out of rhythm, Crispy, to get your wish.
 Secondly, let's say hello to our newest Patreon supporter. We have C. Knowles. C. Knowles, C. Knowles Patreon supporter. And I feel bad about this because I wanted this episode to come out on November 11th.
 Instead, it's being recorded on November 11th. But his son Casey, it's his birthday on November 11th, 2019. Ooh, spooky day, 11-11.
 I actually saw a movie called 11-11-11. It was a really low-budget horror movie and it was quite spooky. Don't let your kid watch it.
 But, well, it depends. If your kid's 25, go ahead. But because it is Casey's birthday, we're going to let Casey drive us around.
 Casey is going to be the man behind the wheel of the... We'll bring out the Carverter Cofter. I originally was going to use the Jason Jalopy, but since we have a guest pilot...
 You're like, "Jason, he doesn't know how to drive a helicopter." "Ah, come on, kid. Get inside. Here's the keys."
 So while he's getting it all set up, let's go ahead and prepare for our journey to these ghost people that I met when I died.
 I should also say right now I didn't die, but I should also say right now, originally, this episode was going to be about near-death experiences where people have come back from bad near-death experiences.
 But I didn't want to talk about that after spending five and a half hours in the hospital.
 So instead, we're going to talk about the aftermath of near-death experiences. Death experiences? We're going to go hunt some ghosts.
 So fire up the copter, Casey, and right now we are headed to El Cerrito, California.
 [Copter talking]
 That is a pretty good pilot, man. He knows his way around a cockpit. Is that what they call it in a helicopter?
 Oh, and I should say this too before I get started. Speaking of aerial aircraft, I get out of the hospital at 5.30.
 I go to the hospital-- I start-- I end-- I show up at the hospital at noon. I leave at 5.30. I leave in the middle of a chase scene in the Fat Fate of Therias.
 And I was supposed to be at the movie theater by 6.25 to see Terminator Dark Fate.
 I walked about a mile from the hospital to the movie theater and got there in time to see Terminator Dark Fate. And it sucked.
 But I will say this. The action scenes were really good. It was just the plot was a mess, and the plot was a real mess.
 The action scenes were decent. The action scenes were decent.
 So anyways, that's-- I mean, if you like watching people get clawed in the face with a metal hook, every fight scene, a guy just gets a hook to the face.
 It's basically saw franchise in action form. On the poster, the lead character is holding a hook. Use another weapon. It didn't work the first seven times.
 Action scenes are good, though, but anyways, there's this ridiculous aerial plane thing. We're not doing that. Casey's flying a helicopter.
 We're just flying around. We're not looking for death franchises to crash into. Casey's totally just trying to concentrate as I'm just going off on these rants.
 He's like, "Dude, I've never flown a helicopter before in Petrified." I'm like, "You can do it, kid!" Slap him on the back.
 We're landing in Richmond, California. [imitates helicopter landing]
 Sound like a transformer? Not a transformer, I wish. Helicopter lands.
 So we all get off, and I hope you guys brought your beach gear. Not beach gear. I hope you guys brought your pool gear, which is probably the same thing, honestly.
 I hope you guys brought your shorts and nothing else, unless you're a woman, I guess I should-- or you have a nice bathing suit on.
 I personally prefer one-piece bathing suits. Okay, maybe that's not true, because I do have a lot of sports illustrated posters around my apartment,
 but I think in the wild, in public, I prefer one-piece bathing suits. I don't know what it is. On a poster, I prefer a bikini.
 There's nothing to do with the story. Anyways, forget that.
 So we're at this pool in El Cerrito. It's called the El Cerrito Swim Center. Very original name.
 Now, apparently, this pool-- this is an interesting one. This is interesting. Apparently, the pool is haunted. A haunted pool.
 Now, you go, Jason, isn't that what happened in Poltergeist? The pool was haunted. Technically, the house was haunted. The bodies just came up out of the pool.
 But this pool is haunted. Supposedly, this pool was built on a-- I don't actually know. I don't think there is ever a reason why it was haunted.
 But here's what-- it's haunted, okay? According to multiple websites around the web, so.
 What happens is they hate a crowded pool. These ghosts hate a crowded-- so basically, the ghosts are just people who are alive.
 Nobody likes a crowded pool. You're in a pool and you're swimming around, splashing.
 Now, these ghosts, if the pool is too crowded, the water gets cold. That's a sign that the ghosts are mad at you.
 Now, that's also a sign that the pool is closed or that the pool-- they're trying to save energy. The manager of the pool is like, "Oh, man, my electric bill is so high. This one turns out."
 Everyone's like, "Oh, it's cold in here. What are you going to do? It's ghosts. It's dead people." And they're like, "Ah!"
 Or that it's in California and their energy grid sucks to begin with.
 I can say that as a longtime California resident. This all happened during the Gray Davis administration, during the rolling brownouts.
 Everyone's like, "Why is the water so cold? It must be ghosts."
 Also, there are reports that if you're in this pool, the ghosts will grab your feet and try to pull you under, which, again, is any living person in a pool.
 Now, not any-- I've been in a lot of pools in my life. I don't know why that's-- I'm not bragging. Everybody has.
 But when you're in a pool, they're actually quite boring. Like, you're like, "Oh, man, I can't wait to get in the pool."
 Everyone take your shirts off. And when I was-- I take my shirt off now, but I was one of those kids who didn't take a shirt off.
 And then I got to the point where I was like, "Why-- why don't I take my shirt off?" It makes me way heavier.
 When I'm already heavy, I get in the pool and now I'm even less buoyant because I have to take my shirt off.
 I don't care what people think, so I started taking my shirt off. But I used to not to take my shirt off.
 I was like, "I don't know, 13, 14?" I was a chubby kid. I'm still chubby, but I don't take my shirt off. I don't care.
 I take my shirt off walking down the street. I don't care. But anyways, you get in the pool and you're like, "Oh, yeah, woohoo!"
 And then you're like five minutes later, you're like, "Sucks."
 Unless, like, you're hanging out in the pool with your buddies, but even then, it sucks. It totally sucks.
 Being in a pool is actually quite boring. So what do you do? You start horsing around. You start pulling people's feet.
 You start pretending to drown them or actually drown them. Play chicken, stuff like that.
 So these ghosts are basically just doing what humans do. Which, to be fair, you're saying, "Jason, isn't that what all ghosts do?"
 Eh, not necessarily. Like, if you go to a haunted baseball park, you don't see balls flying around, which would actually be pretty dope.
 What I'm saying is it's most likely probably people you can't see. Not invisible people.
 It's probably just people directly underneath you pulling on your feet.
 Now, we do have a first person encounter from El Cerrito Swim Center. This comes courtesy.
 Now, you may go, "Hey, Jason, do you really have to talk about this website?" I thought you stopped talking about Backpackerverse.
 I almost died yesterday, man. I didn't. I didn't. Just so. But for the joke, I almost died yesterday.
 Give me some more Backpackerverse. I also, while I was watching Terminator Dark Fate, I thought, "I might have died if I hadn't gone to the hospital,
 and my heart just wouldn't stop beating." Most likely wouldn't have. But for dramatic effect, as I'm watching Terminator Dark Fate, I go,
 "It's quite possible that this might be the last movie I ever watched." And it was not up to snuff. But I could have seen Midway.
 So, I mean, I don't think that movie would have been much better. I'm gonna see you later this week. Maybe. I don't know.
 Feeling kind of...bummy. 'Cause my heart rate can only get so high. You can only get up to, like, 89 or something like that.
 Anyways, you're like, "That's a normal heart rate." I'm like, "Yeah, but not for me. Not for me. I'm an exciting man."
 We have a first-person encounter from Backpackerverse. I'm gonna read you this quote, and you tell me if you know what this first part is.
 "A young man who happens..." Puberty started all of a sudden.
 "A young man who happens to be a video psychic...used to train in the swimming pool center, had such a terrible encounter with the angry spirits that he decided to change pools."
 What's a video psychic? First off, I'm gonna say, since I've gone back to Backpackerverse, and to be fair, I don't go to Backpackerverse.
 I'm always looking for ghost stories, and they constantly pop up. I'm not going to them. They're coming to me.
 Their site has taken a huge dip in quality recently. Now, I'm not gonna attribute it to my exposés on them, and they realize, listen, we're caught.
 If we write good stuff or bad stuff, we're gonna get caught by this elusive--wait, not elusive--intrepid journalist, dead rabbit, radio, Jason Garbiner's actual name.
 Let's just pump out poorly written stuff, because when we do good written stuff, it's still fake, so let's just do fake, poor written stuff.
 I don't know, but they've taken a huge dive in quality. What is a video psychic? That's someone who's like, "Okay, without even looking at the case, I can tell you what movie that is.
 It's a guy with no shoes on, running through an office building, and he's all...that's diehard, isn't it?"
 Everyone's like, "Whoa, how did he know? He didn't even look at the case. He turned the case around, and it's diehard."
 Huh? Yup. What's a video psychic? What is a video psychic? Anyways, he said that one day he was swimming in this pool, and he heard a voice.
 Here's the quote. "I started hearing angry voices of men whispering to my ears, things like, 'Get out!'"
 Now, it could be that he was swimming in this pool, and there were ghostly people going, "Get out!" Or, it's possible he was swimming in this pool, they were trying to close, and it was the lifeguard yelling, "Get out!"
 But he's underwater, so it all sounds muffled. And he's like, "It was so weird. These mysterious, mysterious men, these phantoms in red shorts, begin grabbing me, and I'm wrestling with them, and they dragged me out, and the next thing I knew, I was sitting outside the pool,
 near my car. What horrible fate awaits someone who goes to El Cerrito Swim Center, one star on Yelp." It actually has four stars on Yelp. So that should tell you how unhaunted it is.
 But yeah, if you're in a pool and people hear voices going, "Get out!" It's most likely someone who works there. They're like, "Look out, dude, someone peed in the pool!" You're swimming in there, it's turning blue.
 It's already blue, it's turning green. I heard that's a myth. I heard that they don't actually have a thing that makes urine. Well, we have a thing that makes urine, it's called their body, but there's not really a chemical in a pool that causes the water to turn green.
 I don't know. Urban Legend? Who knows? Also, before we leave El Cerrito, let me tell you, I'm going to read you this last thing here. This isn't on backpackerverse.
 I'm not going to waste all your time on backpackerverse. I'm going to save that for later stories.
 "This is a first-person submission from a young woman named Monica. Here is her and her family's experiences with ghosts in El Cerrito. And if you are a resident of El Cerrito or Richmond, California, get ready, because this is a representation of not only the spirits that haunt you, but the people who live in that area."
 Here we go. "In El Cerrito, the post office on California Drive, as well as Ontario and Grand." So I don't know if that's... I'm assuming that's two different post offices.
 But anyways, "My aunt and cousins have seen giant owls flying around. One even stood and stared at them." That is... Who cares? Who cares? Giant owls. Okay, but anyways.
 This next part works. "I've had family members see goblin-like creatures in El Cerrito." Lead with that next time.
 Don't lead with the post office and the giant owls. Just start off. Hey, my family will live in El Cerrito? Goblin. Also, what's a goblin-like creature? Goblin-like creature is just an ugly human.
 A goblin is a goblin. A goblin-like creature is a human who looks like a goblin.
 Imagine that you're in ghost investigating. You're walking around talking to people and you're like, "Hey, man, have you ever seen any ghosts in El Cerrito?"
 And this woman walks up to you and says this, this actual quote, "My uncle said he saw a man on a horse."
 Was it a ghost? Man, was it just a regular dude on a horse? Oh, no, that's the whole quote. "My uncle said he saw a man on a horse."
 Was he at a dude ranch? Where? Was it in the middle of the city? Was it in an office building? Did it appear before him? Or was it just a man on a horse?
 And he's never seen a horse before. That is so confusing. And that comes right after the goblin-like creatures.
 But let's wrap it up with this. "My female cousin said she saw a man with money bags at her house."
 Did he have a lume-s uniform on? Was he walking out of a bank and loading up an armored car?
 These details are important. She does go on to say that she's picked up weird conversations about money and thieving, like she's heard it in her head.
 She finishes her comment, "This is the Wild West and wild it is. Don't walk around late at night."
 Submitted by Monica. "So, giant owls, nighttime, sure. Don't walk around at night. An owl might stare at you."
 "Goblin-like creatures you might see ugly humans and elcerito. You might see a man on a horse and it might see a man walk around with money bags."
 "Don't walk out." None of those pose any danger to me. It should just be, "Don't walk out at night. This is California and the crime rate is insane."
 "You're gonna get stabbed by a methodic homeless man."
 "Me may or may not be holding money bags at the time."
 "Most likely will not because he's a methodic homeless man."
 "Maybe on a horse?" Who knows. That would be interesting.
 "A homeless..." I guess all cowboys were technically homeless. The home was the range, right?
 "Maybe homeless people are just reincarnated cowboys and they have no cows to rustle and they just feel the pull of being outdoors and sleeping under the stars and severe crippling drug addictions."
 Let's go ahead, hop back on the Carpentercopter, KC. We're gonna fire that guy back up and I hope you guys are aware now this is gonna be a long episode, because it's a special. It's the halfway to hell special.
 We're going to Sutter Creek. Sutter Creek, California. All this stuff takes place in California, by the way.
 So, he's not flying too far. I don't know how far away Sutter Creek is from El Cerrito, but we're allowed in case you do some loop-de-loops and stuff.
 "Oh, you're like Jason, that wasn't part of the deal." You bought a bunch of marbles. When we were in El Cerrito, they're going everywhere.
 Every time you... Every time... Can you even do a loop-de-loop? You might. KC can. The helicopter keeps spinning around and around.
 You're like, "Oh no, I bought yogurt." Everything you bought needs a lid.
 Like, I'm sitting there with pizza. Technically, it doesn't need a lid. I guess it comes in a lid.
 I'm eating just a hamburger patty, so I'm good. I can put it in my mouth and it just flies up into my teeth and, like, automatically, I bite it.
 Like, I'm a cartoon character, apparently. Whatever. We land. The circus is over. I don't even know if physically that's possible.
 If you could hold... Think about it. Let's figure this out. Okay? Special episode. Almost died. Bear with me.
 If I held a piece of meat in my hands... Which... That is not an "if." I do that every single day.
 If I'm holding a piece of meat in my... When I'm holding a piece of meat in my hands and I go to eat it, I go, "Arrrrrrrrrrrrr."
 And my teeth chew up the meat. Right? But what if I held my mouth open and just... This is a real legit question. This is not a bit.
 this is not a bit, if I held my mouth open, I moved the meat up and down.
 Could I eventually eat it like that?
 I am basically sign it with my teeth.
 Now I'm not gonna try that, because it sounds like a huge joking hazard, but I bet it's
 possible.
 Anyways, that's what I was doing on the helicopter.
 Let's go ahead and check in to Sutter Creek Inn.
 Now Casey, stay in the helicopter for this one.
 This one is PG-13.
 It's probably PG-13.
 We're not gonna, anyways, just stay in the helicopter dude.
 It's like, oh man, I like, trust us, you're getting the good deal of this one.
 We go, we check in to Sutter Creek Inn.
 Now there's no bell at this hotel, I bring my own.
 Bring my own bell everywhere I go.
 Set it on counters of places, fast food restaurants, hotels, airports, ding ding ding ding ding.
 The person comes out of the office and they're like, where's that dingy coming from?
 Ding ding ding.
 Oh hi.
 So I'm like, hello, yes, I would like to book a room for myself and my listeners here.
 And they're like, is there a small boy sitting in a helicopter outside?
 Does that helicopter really have missiles on it?
 I was like, yeah, yeah, ignore the boy.
 Ignore the boy.
 We wanna check in to a room here.
 So when we're in the hotel here, walking around, there have been a lot of ghosts spotted here.
 So we, the traditional thing, this place has been kind of haunted for a while.
 There's a traditional thing.
 You see old ghosts and old timey clothes show up.
 I'm still waiting to see like a ghost in like a Metallica shirt or something like that.
 It's always like big old ribbons and they're not birthing presents, but like big old bow
 ties and fitted vests and stuff like that.
 I wanna see ghosts that are poorly dressed.
 I wanna see ghosts in tank tops and torn underwear.
 And I wanna see just like slobs.
 Most people die as slobs.
 Most people die as they're naked a lot of times or they just die and they're slobby.
 But when their ghost shows up they're in full Elizabethan garb.
 What if like if I died right now, my ghosts would show up and I'd be dressed as like
 a pikeman from Napoleon's army.
 That would be a trip.
 I'd be like, "Oh, what?
 This is pretty dope.
 I'm poking people with my pike."
 People are like, "That's weird."
 Like we always knew Jason was into like podcasts and bad movies.
 We didn't know he was a Napoleon War rain actor.
 It's quite odd.
 But anyways ghosts and old timey clothes walking around.
 We have a story from, of course, Backpackerverse.
 This hotel supposedly really is haunted.
 There's a lot of stuff about this hotel, but Backpackerverse tells a story about this
 dude who checks into the hotel with his girlfriend or wife.
 It doesn't matter, same thing.
 Just a contract after that.
 Ring.
 No biggie deal.
 His girlfriend/wife he's hanging out of the hotel with and then he gets into bed and
 she's like downstairs doing something.
 And then the ghost gets into, oh he doesn't know it's a ghost.
 He feels a lump in his bed and he's like, "Ooh baby."
 And he's like cuddling up with his lump.
 And then his girlfriend comes in the door and he's like, "Ah."
 And he throws back the blanket and there's a woman with pale white skin and black hair
 laying in bed next to him.
 And she vanishes.
 So that didn't happen.
 That story is totally made up.
 Multiple reasons why it's made up.
 One, let's look at it factually here.
 Okay, so first off, one of the main things that human, you may not know this.
 I mean I'm sure you do.
 I'm not calling you guys idiots.
 But it's mostly subconscious.
 One of the main things we use to identify people is smell, even if we don't know it.
 There is no way that you are, if you are sober, there is no way you are getting into bed with
 someone who is not your significant other and not immediately recognizing it not as your
 significant other.
 But Jason, maybe the ghost is able to replicate the human smell of his wife.
 Okay, fine.
 Then you want me to believe that she believes a lump, that he can wrap his arms around her
 and snuggle up to a non-caporial entity.
 So this would have to, like if there is a power level of these things, a ghost walking
 down the hallway, like you see in a phantom walking on the hallway, would be fairly low
 on the power level.
 It picking up an object or throwing it or knocking over an object would be higher.
 Turning electricity on and off would actually be probably easier to do than moving stuff
 over unless it's actually hitting the lights, which it never is conveniently.
 It's always something happening on the wall.
 But to be able to manifest as a spirit that can not only misshape the blankets, be a full
 bodied apparition, wrap your arms around it and not notice it's not your wife or girlfriend.
 That is basically gozer level power.
 That would mean that this ghost is basically the most advanced ghost on the planet.
 It's not, it's totally made up.
 He pops out of bed and his wife is like "Oh my god, what are you doing about that woman?"
 and then the ghost disappears.
 Now to be fair that actually is a great way.
 If you have a girlfriend/wife or boyfriend/husband and you want to cheat on them, make your lover
 cover themselves in head to toe white makeup.
 It might make some chafing during the actual act of love making, but have them cover their
 body in full body white makeup or baby powder.
 Or and I mean dye their hair black and then that way whenever you get caught with them
 you shouldn't because you're cheating on them.
 But if you get caught with them you could then go "Oh my god it was a ghost" and then
 they could hide under your bed or something like that.
 And go "Don't look under the bed, he's a spooky monster now!"
 And if your significant other is an idiot they won't realize that the ghost looks exactly
 like their cousin, but that's why you fell in love with them in the first place because
 they're an idiot and you can convince them that your lover is a ghost.
 So we are not done though with the Sutter Creek can we see Casey looking through the
 helicopter window he's like "Are you guys done yet?
 It's getting kind of cold out here."
 I'm like "It's just the ghost, it's just the ghost making the helicopter cold bro.
 Just just chill out.
 Get it chill out."
 He's like 30 degrees out there and C. Knowles is like "Dude that's my son.
 Just tell him how to turn on the heater.
 Hold on, hold on, hold on."
 We got one more ghost to look at and then we'll go out and turn on the heater.
 We are here for the main attraction.
 We've covered tons of ghosts, we've talked about tons of ghost types over this show and
 there's sometimes you run across a ghost that's quite unusual and this is one of them.
 This is why I brought you to here.
 We're gonna meet a ghost he doesn't have a name, we'll call him, it doesn't matter,
 I don't need it, he doesn't have a name.
 Okay, he just doesn't need a name.
 This ghost has been spotted multiple times and while you're hanging out in the little
 dining room, you're drinking your tea or soda, I don't even drink either of those anymore,
 while I'm drinking water, lame, like a nerd, like a caveman.
 I don't smoke, I don't drink, I don't do drugs.
 I gave him nicotine and now I can't even have caffeine.
 And I can but just not eight gallons of it but still I'm not supposed to have for a while.
 Because I'm complaining about my own lifestyle choices that I've made.
 You're like Jason, okay, the pity party's over, ooh your heart got out of whack, now
 you guys are making fun of me as I'm drinking my water.
 You keep trying to slip a slip tea into it, I'm like no that'll kill me, it'll kill me.
 You guys are all laughing at my weakened state.
 A ghost shows up and I'm like oh everyone shh, what's making fun of me is I wipe a tear
 away from my eye.
 Go make fun of me, look, watch this, and the ghost is standing in front of us and we're
 standing, we're not standing, we're sitting in front of the ghost.
 And then the ghost drops his pants, fully exposing himself to us and then he disappears.
 Now that's unusual even in the world of the paranormal, there's not many cryptids.
 We talked about the "gurning man", quite a few episodes back he seemed like an exhibitionist,
 spirit or alien or demon or something like that, who would only appear to women of a
 certain age group and rub his chest and have this creepy smile on his face.
 But we don't see many exhibitions as ghosts, which is interesting because if you think
 about it, so many people have weird hang-ups that you think they would follow them to the
 afterlife more often.
 This one's dead, so he's a ghost that must have been a flasher if it existed at all.
 Let me back up here, if this story is true in any way shape or form, and this is a famous
 ghost at this place, I've found this ghost mentioned several times, especially in the
 book National Directory of Honder Places.
 This ghost will appear in front of women, and we're a mixed company, but it's all good.
 He'll appear in front of women and he'll pull his pants down, exposing himself to us.
 Now there's no specification that he's not pulling his pants down and there's nothing
 there, so I believe that we're actually seeing his ghost junk.
 That's why we left him in the helicopter, but that's why we left him in the helicopter.
 And that might be the first ghost flasher that we've actually ever covered, or a ghost
 with some sort of bizarro hang-up.
 Like that, like he's still in the afterlife, still finding a lot of amusement, pulling
 his pants down in front of women, and exposing himself.
 I did tell you guys about this, but I'm going to repeat this story again.
 When I was in the Stanley Hotel, which was the hotel that inspired the shining, they
 had a closet that, I went on this ghost tour, and the tour guide was like, "Now everybody..."
 She was this really, really hot chick in this colonial outfit, but I'm going to make fun
 of her voice anyways.
 But people, here you go.
 Now she sounds like Rick or Morty, or both of them.
 There's a closet, okay?
 And if you go inside, there's a creepy old, forget the voice, she explains to us that
 there's a closet in this room where there's this randy old ghost who will like, feel up
 women if you go in there.
 And she goes, "Any volunteers?
 Any woman want to go into this dark room and be groped by this supernatural spirit?"
 Now I'm sitting there, and I'm like, "This is fake, obviously."
 And so the woman goes, "Any volunteers?"
 And this girl, this girl, she's probably about 12, goes, "I'll do it."
 And the demeanor of the tour guide completely changed, and she looks straight at the girl
 and she goes, "You have to be 18 to go into the room."
 Any volunteers?
 And we're like, "What in the world?"
 So that makes me think, and I think I explained, I did an episode on the Stanley Hotel.
 It was on my birthday episode last year.
 But anyways, so we do have records or stories, is probably a better word, of these spirits
 who have these weird type of hang-ups.
 But I wanted to expose you, unattended to this one, and you're like, "Boo, boo, you're
 holding me down, you're shoving caffeine right into my throat."
 So you guys carry my lifeless body in a Christ-like pose, back to the helicopter, throwing the
 back, turn the heater on, fly me to the hospital, five and a half hours later.
 I'm sitting in the hospital.
 You guys are like, "Are you ready to go?
 Are you done?"
 I'm like, "Hold on, hold on."
 So let me get this straight.
 Dom Toretto turned against the family because his girlfriend, and you're like, "No, shut
 the movie up, shut the movie up."
 You guys pull me out of the hospital room, I'm like, "No, no, no, wait, I need to see
 more of Hobbes and Shaw before their own spin-off movie."
 You guys dragged me out of the hospital room.
 We are going to one last place here.
 We are going to Sonoma County.
 Flying through the night sky, rotor blades cutting clouds.
 Don't think that happens.
 Caribers, caribers are getting knocked out of their house.
 I'm like, "Casey, fly through those clouds."
 You're like, "But isn't that carillon?"
 I'm like, "Fly through those clouds.
 These rainbows are getting destroyed."
 There's a little, there's a caribbean with no legs.
 He's like, "Why?
 Why?"
 "I don't care about that.
 Blood going everywhere."
 Anyways, we eventually land the helicopter.
 Casey's like, "Oh, my childhood heroes.
 I really loved Cheryl Ott Baer."
 I'm like, "Yes, you can share in the misery of losing all of his friends now."
 Seenol takes his son home.
 He's like, "That's son relieving."
 Casey's like, "I'm so sorry.
 I'm so sorry, caribers."
 Anyways, no, they come back.
 They come back.
 They're good people.
 They go over it very quickly because he doesn't know who the caribers are.
 He's like, "What's a caribbear?"
 I've never even heard of that before.
 If he was flying through like bay blades or something, he'd probably be more emotionally
 raw.
 Anyways, we're going to a couple places.
 These are going to be brief.
 These are all from Backpackerverse.
 So we're going to end on the absurdity.
 I guess I should say this for new listeners.
 Backpackerverse is a stupid website that just makes up stuff about ghosts.
 You're like, "Jason, are you really going to do this?"
 "Yes, I'm going to do this.
 I almost died yesterday.
 Let's talk about this."
 We're in Backpackerverse.
 This is from the website or this is from the webpage, "10 Sonoma County Hiking Trails
 with Insane Paranormal Activity."
 First off, we're going to Laguna de Santa Rosa Trail.
 Let me read.
 I'm going to read this to you because that's the best way to explain this stuff because
 then you go, "Jason, you're just making stuff up."
 I'm like, "No, let me read exactly what they wrote to you.
 Beware.
 You might encounter someone wandering aimlessly in the middle of the woods and that someone
 is not necessarily a human being.
 Numerous stories have reported the bizarre sighting of a body roaming while bending mid-waste."
 What does that even mean?
 What in the world does that even mean?
 Does that mean, honestly, that somebody walking down the trail saw another human roaming around
 bent over and assumed that was not a human being or, sorry, not necessarily a human being?
 Because if that's the case, if that is the litmus test we use for the paranormal, then
 the world is surrounded by ghosts.
 You can go to any place where there's a penny on the ground and someone's like, "Oh, no,
 the invasion has begun."
 Go to an old folks home.
 Just walk by a yoga studio and see a bunch of people bent over.
 When this guy walks by the yoga studio, he thinks it's full of ghosts.
 He thinks paranormal activity 8 is taking place.
 There's a bunch of people bent over.
 Maybe it was crawling, but again, that was it.
 That was the end of the story.
 There was more to it, but that was the end of it.
 The more didn't explain any of that.
 Now let's go to Pick Me Forest Trail at Salt Point State Park.
 Let me read this verbatim to you.
 Because I think it has a great setup.
 There is a little known story, i.e. I just made it up for the sake of this article.
 There is a little known story of a small girl who looked exactly like the doll she owned.
 Then I was like, "Ooh, cool.
 A story about a girl turning into a doll or the doll wanting a twin sister or the doll
 is her twin sister.
 Trapped."
 That's what I'm thinking.
 Rumors say that years ago she got lost in the forest while carrying her doll.
 Oh, maybe the doll is going to help her find her way out.
 Or maybe when rescuers show up, there's two dolls.
 Or the doll takes over the girl so the girl is still trapped in the doll.
 Whatever.
 Let's move on to the quote.
 She never made it out and died alone.
 Now her spirit wanders the forest, doll in hand, seeking aid from hikers.
 Will you help her?
 What?
 Why?
 Why did you--that's the whole thing for that one.
 Why would you build up the fact that the doll looked like her?
 Am I wrong to be disappointed in that?
 A girl has a doll that looks exactly like her.
 She gets lost in the woods one night.
 And then she just never gets found and she still carries the doll around.
 That's stupid.
 That's dumb.
 That was so insulted by that one because it actually set it up to be kind of creepy.
 It could have said some people say that the doll is the kid.
 Okay, so maybe it's a little convoluted but let me refra--let me do this right now.
 There's a little known story of a girl who used to carry a doll around that looked just
 like her.
 And one day the girl got lost in the forest.
 A couple days later the little girl was found by rescuers.
 But she didn't have her doll.
 They didn't think anything of it.
 But when they brought the girl home to her mother, her mother swore, "That's not my
 daughter.
 That's not my daughter."
 Bam.
 There you go.
 What was that, like five, six sentences?
 It makes it a little more scary like you're thinking, "Did the doll possess her or did
 they change places?"
 Or whatever.
 Not.
 She still has the doll.
 She's--and I love this last--okay.
 How her spirit wanders the forest, doll in hand, seeking aid from hikers.
 Will you help her?
 Yes.
 Yes.
 If I am in the middle of the woods and a little girl shows up and says, "Oh my god, I haven't
 eaten anything in days.
 I've been lost.
 Will you help me?"
 I'll say like, "Yes, I will help you."
 What type of old--and it doesn't even say that she kills you if you don't help her or
 if you do help her or whatever.
 She's just a little--yes.
 Who reads that?
 It goes no way.
 Because even if it's a little ghost girl with a little creepy doll, you go, "Yeah, I'll
 help you."
 And you take her to the edge of the forest and she goes, "Thanks, stranger."
 And then she disappears.
 There you go.
 There you go.
 Now if they said she also has a collection of GI Joe action figures that are in the
 shapes of the hikers who tried helping her in the past, creepy.
 Again, then I go, "No, I don't want to help this girl because I don't want to turn into
 Shipwreck."
 Shipwreck was actually my favorite GI Joe character.
 So funny.
 This is episode of GI Joe about Shipwreck.
 And this is going to trip some of you guys out because this is a true Mandela thing or
 lost media however you want to put it.
 One of the best two-part episodes--I'll talk about this because this is my two-part episode--one
 of the best two-part episodes of GI Joe because they always did like five-part episodes and
 stuff like that.
 They added this episode--this totally fits with the podcast too, so I'm not just going
 off in a rant.
 This is an episode where Shipwreck, who was like the sailor GI Joe, so Shipwreck is involved
 in this huge battle against Cobra.
 And something happened.
 He gets knocked out or something like that.
 And then he wakes up, it's ten years later, and he goes, "Whoa, like what's up?"
 And he's like, "Have I been in a coma for ten years?"
 He said, "No, no, no, no, no.
 You've been in a coma for like three days actually.
 You did get injured in that battle, but then GI Joe actually defeated Cobra.
 And you're instrumental in that actually, but you've lost your memories.
 You just recently had this new head injury, and you've lost the last ten years of memories.
 You have a wife and a kid.
 I think he had two kids.
 And the world's at peace.
 Cobra is destroyed.
 And so he goes home and it's like this perfect suburban life, and he's like, "I don't remember
 any of this."
 This is a really good episode.
 He's like, "I don't remember any of this, but his beautiful wife, beautiful kids."
 And he's meeting other GI Joe's, and he starts to catch on.
 It's kind of a Truman Show type of thing that he is a prisoner.
 He starts to kind of figure out that this life is not real, that he's a prisoner, and
 it must have been Cobra who are trying to get information out of his head.
 Now his buddies are saying, "Shipwreck, no, you're going insane.
 Like you need to go to the doctor.
 Like this is reality.
 We've defeated Cobra."
 And he's like, "No, no, no, you guys, I know for a fact that something is not right here."
 And what happens is, I don't remember what the impetus is for him to finally realize that
 the everything is fake, but he decides to try to break out of town.
 And all of a sudden, like everything goes to chaos.
 And it did turn out that Cobra did kidnap him during that last battle and had created
 this whole world for him.
 It was on an island and gave him a fake family.
 But the people on the islands were basically like bio robots.
 So when they were killed, they would melt.
 And it was like their eyeballs would fall out of their head and they would look like
 an action figure was being lit on fire.
 They would just kind of melt.
 And at the ending, he still hasn't fully grasped how many bio androids are on this island.
 He goes home to get his wife and his kids.
 Because he's still having a hard time starting this out.
 And they both pull, all the kids have these automatic rifles and his wife has this automatic
 rifle and they're going to shoot him and a fire breaks out.
 Now this is the thing.
 The first time they aired the episode is different than every other airing of the episode.
 Because I love this, it was one of my favorite episodes of G.I. Joe.
 I just thought it was a great storytelling thing.
 And I saw it back like in '85.
 So I was like nine years old and it's just like blowing my mind that this story is going
 on.
 But in the original viewing of it that I remembered, a fire breaks out in the house and the bio
 androids of his family have rifles on them and they melt.
 He watches his wife and kids melt in front of them and their eyeballs fall out of their
 heads and he's like, "No, he's totally freaking out that they just melt."
 Like they were going to kill him.
 But the fire got to him first and you're just watching these two kids and this wife that
 he thought that were real, really up to that point, melt.
 And the episode ends with the Joe's laying siege to the island because they figure it
 out and they save him and he's just like heartbroken.
 He just can't.
 He's still trying to figure out.
 Because he was on this island for a while.
 It wasn't like two days.
 He was on this island for a good amount of time and he was being told, "Oh no, you've
 been here for 10 years or whatever."
 Really really good episode of the Evin 1980s cartoon.
 GI Joe had a couple episodes that I think that was probably the best episode of GI Joe.
 They did tell some really good stories but yeah.
 Why am I talking about that?
 What were we talking about?
 Talking about saving a little girl from...
 Oh!
 Oh!
 Appearing as a GI Joe character.
 Yes, yes.
 Shipwreck was actually one of my favorites after.
 So I'd be happy to appear as Shipwreck.
 He was actually one of my favorites I think before that show.
 I really like that character.
 Anyways, everyone's just sitting in the forest.
 The little girl with her dolls just sitting there super bored.
 She's like, "Okay boomer, we don't care about your 80s cartoons and your caribbean references."
 I'm like, "Ugh."
 So anyways, I'm like, "Okay girl, you can head back to the forest."
 She's like, "Thank you.
 I will head back to my eternal torment as long as I don't have to hear about 80s cartoons
 anymore."
 80s cartoons were great by the way.
 So better than your slug-tara nowadays.
 But anyways, so we're walking through...
 We're leaving there.
 We're going to our last trip on our special episode.
 Halfway to hell special episode.
 Thanks Krispy Bacon for making me realize the significance of 333.
 So we are headed off to our last destination of our special episode of Dead Rapper Radio.
 We are going to West County Regional Trail, Sebasto Pole.
 That's in California apparently.
 Sebasto Pole.
 Stupid name.
 Anyways, West County Regional Trail.
 No nothing about the place.
 Just dumb name.
 Don't want to go there.
 West County Regional Trail.
 Again, I just got to read you this quote.
 Because you can't say it any better than this.
 But while I'm reading you this quote, I want you to imagine we're going on this journey
 together.
 So "Cold night air through the very famous haunted forest of Sebasto Pole."
 Everyone knows about Sebasto Pole.
 "Marked by a wooden bridge."
 I don't know why there's a whistle there, but there was.
 There's a little slide whistle there.
 Marked by a wooden bridge.
 It takes you on a short journey into the mesmerizing horrors of old structures.
 Who knows what you will find under the piles of rotten wood.
 So we're walking through this.
 We cross the old creaky bridge.
 I reach for the slide whistle.
 You're like, "No, that joke."
 It's dumb the first time.
 Don't do it again.
 I'm like, "Oh."
 We walk off the bridge.
 We go on a short journey into the mesmerizing horrors.
 We're like, "Oh, oh, oh, oh, tripping out.
 You're like, "Chasing, chasing.
 That's an acid plant.
 Don't touch it.
 I'm all tripping out.
 Oh."
 Anyways, we're walking through the woods and we see old structures.
 So old, spooky, broke down buildings.
 Just wood everywhere.
 Which is what forests normally have in them.
 But this is processed wood.
 This is cut and planks of wood.
 And then what was it?
 Oh, yeah.
 The next part was, "What will we find under piles of rotten wood?"
 So brown recluses.
 Maybe the body of a homeless man.
 Who knows?
 Probably those two things.
 Or both.
 And then we get to this last sentence.
 This might actually be one of the best sentences I've ever read involving the paranormal.
 If not one of the best sentences I've ever read, period.
 So move out of the way.
 I mean, we have backpackers.
 We're walking through this forest late at night.
 We see a pile of rotten wood.
 We're moving it aside.
 And then we have this quote.
 Some hikers report a strange apparition.
 Just the first part, which we need to figure out.
 A face without a body.
 So some hikers report a strange apparition, a face without a body.
 Now you go, "Jason, that's not unusual."
 Okay, but here's the thing.
 Is it a head or is it just a face?
 I would assume because of the terminology it's simply the face and not a head.
 But wouldn't you just be able to say a face?
 Like a floating face?
 Why do you have to add without the body?
 That's how all faces are.
 There's nothing unusual about that.
 You're going, "Jason, you're getting totally into the weeds on this one."
 This is why this is important.
 Because it's obvious it doesn't have a body from the rest of the sentence.
 It's almost like they got paid by the word and they wanted that.
 They get paid a penny every word.
 They wanted that extra three cents.
 Because they did not need the term without a body because of what comes after this.
 Removing the wood around, we go back to the sentence.
 Some hikers report a strange apparition.
 A face without a body stitched into the headrest of a brown leather chair.
 Okay, so now you see why.
 First off, first off, that's not true.
 That never has happened in the history of the world.
 At no point has ever anyone moved a log.
 Seeing a pile of rotting wood began moving the rotting wood and found a brown leather
 chair.
 That part is untrue, totally.
 Secondly, removing the wood and then seeing a human face stitched into a brown leather
 chair.
 Without a body, by the way, because that would just be someone sitting in a chair.
 What is the point of this apparition?
 What is the point of being a ghost if people have to remove garbage to find you?
 That's not really even a ghost.
 That is, okay, here's the thing.
 Let's play our game.
 This is either completely made up, it is completely made up, but let's say that the story is true.
 Let's figure out what it is.
 If you were a ghost, you would be like, "Woo, floating around."
 Maybe you're trapped in a particular location, but unless this guy died in a lazy boy factory
 and he possessed the body of a brown leather chair, there is no way also, let's talk about
 this too.
 There is no way that a brown leather chair would survive more than a few nights under
 a pile of rotting wood in the middle of a forest.
 It would be completely trashed.
 So you're like, "Taste this neither here nor there.
 We're talking about ghosts."
 My point is that you're a ghost.
 Are you really going to be a ghost under garbage?
 Wouldn't that be the most ridiculous place to just be a ghost?
 Two, let's say that it's my worst nightmare.
 Let's say that a man was magically transformed into a lawn chair, or a leather chair, a big
 old recliner.
 And I hate, I've talked about that, I hate stories where people are transformed into
 stuff against their will.
 So this guy is turned into a brown leather chair.
 The thing that scares me about that is that you're transforming into something and you're
 just sitting there and you're observing the world around you.
 That locked-in disease doesn't really scare me as much because you're still like a human,
 but like if you had locked-in disease and you were an ottoman or you were like a lazy
 boy, that terrifies me.
 So he's trapped in the form of a recliner.
 I'm assuming it's a recliner.
 In the middle of nowhere.
 But and then he could like watch the birds fly around and be like, "Oh, I wish I could
 pet those birds.
 I wish I was fast enough to catch a bird to pet it."
 It doesn't scare me if you're covered, again, if you're covered in garbage, because then
 you don't know what's going on in the outside world.
 You can't influence it anyways.
 You're just a leather chair covered in garbage.
 So you are a garbage ghost.
 That might be the worst ghost.
 That might be the worst ghost we've ever covered.
 Now, I'm sure someone could email me and show me a worst ghost, but being a ghost in the
 middle of nowhere, that's spooky, actually.
 Little girl ghost walking around with a doll can be spooky, but at least she's mobile.
 At least she can like follow you and when you're in your tent a little like, you see the zipper
 move up a little bit and you see like a little eye poke out.
 Like look out from underneath the flap and you first you just think, "Oh, maybe that was
 a deer.
 Maybe a deer got super close and evolved thumbs and undid the zipper."
 But you would like brush it off and then in the middle of the night you'd be on your
 cell phone late at night and the blue glow would be filling up the tent and you would
 think you see like the outline of something outside your tent.
 You're like, "Ah, the deer's back."
 But then you realize it's like only four feet tall and happen to be carrying a two foot
 tall version of itself and then in the morning you wake up and your own kid is missing and
 there's a doll that looks exactly like your kid.
 You're like, "Ah, it sucks.
 What are we going to do with this dumb doll?"
 That's scary.
 I mean obviously that involves child abduction, but any part of that, the little girl looking
 in your tent or seeing something run by your tent, obviously your child being replaced by
 a doll, all that stuff's scary.
 Now you're camping in the middle of the night and you're like, "Oh, I'm going to go and
 go."
 You're camping in the middle of the woods and 50 feet away from you is a pile of garbage
 and the wind blows and you think you see something outside your tent and you look and it's just
 a pile of garbage 50 feet away.
 It's no big deal.
 You're like, "I should have probably picked a different camping spot," but whatever.
 And then later on the night they're kind of on your phone flipping around and you think
 you see something move outside but you're wrong.
 You're just tired.
 You're just saying stuff.
 And then next morning you wake up and you pack all your gear up and leave.
 And your kid's totally fine.
 You're like, "There's not a little brown leather chair with your kid's face on it."
 You're like, "No, this sucks."
 You just leave with your kid.
 There's a pile of garbage that nobody ever looks in.
 What hiker, let me just say this to you and I'm sorry, I might be being a dead orgy.
 What hiker is like, "Hmm, what a beautiful nature romp."
 I love nature.
 Ooh, pile of garbage.
 Let me start rooting through this until they find a brown leather chair with a human, not
 a body, a face without a body stitched into the headrest of a brown leather chair.
 That is our tour of spooky, spooky, little asterisks next to those, ghosts, asterisks next to that
 one as well, of California.
 Now, I want to end this episode with, again, a thank you to you guys for all your support
 and all your love.
 I find it so bizarre that less, the show started in June of 2018.
 So we're a little over a year later.
 And I've been to the ER before and I've had issues where I've had to go there and I've
 sat in that room for an hour or two or more while I'm getting tests done and things like
 that and then they come back and say, "Oh, it's just an anxiety attack."
 Or, "Your ankle's not broken."
 But never have I sat in that hospital and been able to laugh at all of the great comments
 and feel very proud of all the support you guys have given me.
 This show's really changed my life.
 Like, I was thinking about that.
 I was like, "This is really awesome.
 Like, this is a community of people."
 And I really want to make sure that you guys know how much you mean to me.
 You guys really do mean a lot to me.
 And that's why I wanted to get this episode out, not feel in 100% still,
 but I wanted to get this episode out for you guys, just to acknowledge how much you guys mean to me.
 This show's really changed my life.
 And I'll end it with this.
 I almost didn't do the podcast.
 We've talked about this a couple of times.
 Like, I was a writer before this and I had some other projects before this.
 And I just kind of fell into this one day.
 And I implore you guys to find those projects that are going to change your lives as well.
 You may fail a couple of times.
 I failed a couple of times in other projects.
 But find that thing that will change your life.
 That sounds like a big goal.
 And you may not know what it is at first, but find that thing so...
 a year later, when you're feeling down and you're not feeling good,
 you have that community around you.
 And to let you guys know that you guys do have this community around you as well.
 But, um, yeah, find that thing if you can.
 Because it's weird.
 I mean, again, my life has radically changed since I started doing this show.
 And I really, really appreciate all you guys, all your support, all your love, all your jokes.
 But it also wasn't Veronica the Honenthal had nothing to do with this.
 It's totally fine.
 I love you guys.
 DeadRabberRadioGmail.com is going to be our email address.
 And also hit us up at facebook.com/DeadRabberRadio.
 Twitter is @DeadRabberRadio.
 DeadRabberRadio is the daily paranormal conspiracy and true crime podcast.
 You don't have to listen to it every day.
 But I'm glad you listened to it today.
 Have a great one, guys.
 [Music]
