 August 24th, Lil Baby presents...
 It's only us, Tony!
 Made it at the...
 At United Center!
 I can't get used to it!
 Get ready for an epic summer!
 Lil Baby's IOU Tour has finally...
 Touched down!
 It's Lil Baby, live in concert!
 Featuring the...
 Featuring the...
 Lil' Brillo!
 Glossom!
 Rilo Rodpreer and Honja!
 And Honja!
 I'm the pretty lady of the fun!
 Tickets are on sale now!
 At Ticketmaster.com
 Brought to you by Mammoth Live and AG Touring.
 AG Touring!
 An entire island of girl scouts sounds like probably the most uninteresting place most of us could ever imagine to be trapped.
 But to the spirit of one woman, it's her only hope of finding some sort of peace.
 And a bunch of thin mints.
 And then we travel to Ashland, Oregon.
 So take a look at the story of a young woman who was out walking her dog late at night.
 This young woman always considered herself a very practical, pragmatic, logical person.
 But when she senses an unknowable danger staring at her from the darkness,
 she has no idea what's coming next.
 Today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm a walking girl.
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host Jason Garbender.
 I'm having a great day.
 I hope you guys are having a great day too.
 I hope you guys are having tons of fun doing whatever you're doing.
 The birthday presents are still rolling in for your favorite podcast host.
 I'm sure Mark Marin might be his birthday too, but I'm talking about me!
 I'm still getting them in and someone who just sent me a very deadly birthday present.
 Walking into Dead Rabbit Command right now.
 Everyone give it up for Christina Belk.
 Woohoo! Yeah, come on in Christina.
 She's sitting there.
 She's juggling knives.
 This person who listens to my podcast, she says she's been listening to my podcast for quite a while now.
 A couple years.
 Decided to buy me a knife.
 Decided to buy me a Smith & Wesson combat blade now.
 We shouldn't blame Christina for my upcoming injury.
 Okay, no one's blame her.
 I did put it on my Amazon wish list and she sent me this amazing note saying that her roommate,
 Dirk Groberman.
 That's a long time listener.
 I remember Dirk Groberman back in the day.
 Introduced me to your show a couple years ago and I've been listening every day since.
 Christina Belk decided to buy me the knife that I one day just put on my Amazon wish list and didn't think anyone would ever get.
 It's a wish, right?
 I already dropped it and I almost impaled my foot.
 So thank you, Christina Belk, for buying me the weapon of my upcoming massive injury.
 Christina, you're going to be the captain of the pilot this episode.
 She also said she loved the vehicles.
 If you guys can't swear to Patreon, you don't have to buy me a weapon that'll injure myself.
 It's not her fault. I put it on my wish list.
 If you can't swear to Patreon, if you can't buy me deadly weapons, that's fine too.
 Just help spread the word about the show.
 That really, really, really helps out a lot.
 Now, before we get started, I do want to say this too.
 I don't like having a lot of intro stuff in the beginning, but this is super important.
 The Dead Rabbit Radio YouTube channel has once again been suspended.
 And listen, it's YouTube's thing. They can do what they want.
 They really wanted this video down.
 It was the episode I did about Aquarium Gate.
 And originally, they said I was promoting violence, and so I appealed it,
 and then they said I was being a cyber bully.
 So they just didn't want the video up.
 I have a one-week suspension. I can't upload anything anyways, but going forward,
 we will not be uploading the podcast to the YouTube channel.
 We're going to keep all the past content there.
 There was an old episode. That episode came out probably about two months ago.
 All of a sudden, their AI didn't want that episode up there.
 I can't also say I think it was a lot about AI control conspiracy theories, but...
 They don't want it up there. Fine. They took it down. I got a strike.
 It can't upload for a week. Fine. Whatever. That's their right.
 But I don't... I'm just not going to upload to YouTube anymore.
 It's going to be strictly a podcast.
 And what we're going to do, we're going to see how this works, is I'm going to put up a note
 each time an episode comes out, because I still want to talk to you guys.
 That's why I like the... That's really the main reason why I uploaded to YouTube.
 So we can talk about the episodes so I can see your comments and get your feedback,
 and I can talk to you guys about stuff.
 So we're going to see how that goes, but no more episodes are going to be uploaded.
 I'm going to lean more into the TikTok as far as anything, and then I'll probably upload shorts.
 But YouTube may nuke it because of the shorts as well.
 I really want to keep it up to do live streams, but I'm not going to...
 It would suck if it went... I'll be honest.
 It would suck if the YouTube channel got taken down completely,
 because that's four years of conversations between us.
 Right? That's... The episodes you can find anywhere, but the comments and the conversations we've had
 and the laughs and everything like that, that'll be gone.
 That'll bum me out if the YouTube channel gets taken down completely.
 But going forward, no more full episodes on YouTube,
 and still be available everywhere else to hear them.
 Hopefully we can get a little community post that we can comment on.
 We'll see how it goes, but I can't play by the YouTube rules,
 because YouTube rules are super strict.
 We can't talk about blood.
 We can't talk about killing or murder.
 That's all you ever talk about, that and diarrhea.
 A lot of true crime, YouTube, to avoid the filter, they'll say stuff like, "He unalived her."
 I'm not going to do that, dude. I'm not going to do that.
 I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. People will say he "graped her."
 Just say "raped," dude.
 I mean, like, if you're going to talk about the subject, say "kill," say "rape,"
 I won't play by that, and I'm not a cyberbully.
 Okay, there might be a couple of episodes that you can say while Jason.
 Anyways, I'm not going to play by the YouTube rules.
 Those rules are set up. Those are valid rules for them and many, many other content creators.
 We're not going to do that.
 I don't want to water down the podcast so I can just be on YouTube.
 I want to be a podcast. I want to be a podcast talking about what we talk about.
 So, sorry about that long intro, but I can tell Christina's getting bored.
 She is getting ready to throw that knife at me.
 Christina, let's go ahead and toss you the keys to the Jason Jett.
 We're going to leave behind Dead Rabbit Command and take us all the way out to Lake Yosemite.
 [Jet noises]
 Jason Jett is rumbling across the West Coast, splitting the blue sky in half,
 leaving Kimtrails. You didn't know that? You didn't know that, did you?
 Jason Jett, we also lease out to the US government to drop Kimtrails.
 We're headed all the way out to Lake Yosemite, which is in Merced, California.
 Beautiful lakes. Like all lakes are. I don't ever think there's like an ugly lake.
 Right? Am I going to be able to prove me wrong? They're like, "Oh, here's a lake of raw sewage."
 Okay, you're right. A lake of nothing but raw sewage would prove me wrong.
 But this, I think that's a fair thing to say that Lake Yosemite is beautiful.
 I've never seen it. I'm sure it's beautiful. But anyways, it was many decades ago.
 Many, many decades ago. So what, like 50s, 60s probably?
 It was a hot summer. Dun-uh, but dun-uh-t-dun.
 People are like running along the beach in slow motion. They think that they're sick.
 They're like, "Why can't we run fast?" They're running along the beach in slow motion.
 There's probably like a dude sitting there. I'm assuming, I'm assuming in any beach you'll find a guy sitting there.
 And then you have a mother and her two young children enjoying the hot summer air.
 And then jumping in the cool water. That's that real kind of combining of the elements.
 Splash! Look at me! Mommy, I'm swimming! One of the kids says, the mom goes,
 "That's the best swim I've ever seen." And then the other kid goes, "I can swim better than that."
 Splash! And the mom's like, "Yeah, the first one was better."
 A mom and her two kids go swimming. And these two kids, they kind of like, they're adventurous, right?
 Super adventurous. They go, "Why don't we climb to the top of that boat tower?"
 And jump off of it into the water. No, I don't think it was like a...
 I don't know how tall this thing was, right? I think a boat tower...
 I didn't really stretch the key detail in the story. I didn't look it up.
 A boat tower, I'm assuming, is some sort of tower. You guys can't correct me in the YouTube comments on this.
 I can say whatever I want. A boat tower, I believe, is probably some sort of structure near a pier, right?
 So anyways, it doesn't matter. These two kids climb up a boat tower and they go,
 "Mom, look at us! We're king and queen of the world!" One of them's a girl.
 They just jump off of the boat tower, but they didn't realize the key detail.
 The water was really shallow where they were at.
 So when they jumped off the boat tower, the first kid smashes his head into the rocks
 and instantly breaks his neck. Like, that's how shallow the water is. I don't know how they didn't see this.
 Maybe the boat tower is pretty tall, or maybe they're idiots.
 And the second kid, this would suck, right? You're at the top of a structure and you see a dude jump off.
 You know, a couple seconds before you do, right? And you're jumping off too, and now you're seeing him fall.
 Now at this point, he's probably like four or five feet ahead of you, and you watch him splash into the water and then see his neck snap.
 And you have about .8 seconds before the same thing happens to you. That would be the worst, right?
 I've always said being eaten by a cannibal isn't the worst thing. The second person to be eaten by a cannibal is the worst thing.
 Because you can watch the first guy get pooped out of the cannibal. That was a very specific, that was a very specific cannibal related episode.
 I can't believe YouTube doesn't want this show up there.
 It would be bad enough to smash into the water and break your neck, but to be the second person, like watching that guy break his neck and being like, "Oh no!"
 Anyways, no matter what the order was, the mother was, besides herself, obviously, right? She just saw her two children jump into the water and snap both their necks.
 Well, she is like totally freaking out. People see this and the authorities are alerted. This is decades ago, so someone had to go find a pay phone.
 I'm sure there was one nearby. I don't think there was. I got on their speedboat and went back to shore, but the authorities showed up.
 And by that time, the kids had floated away due to the current of the river or the lake that we're in. I don't know why the mom didn't scoop them up immediately.
 Maybe she was so terrified. Anyways, the kids floated away and the authorities get there and they never found the bodies.
 They never found the bodies of these two kids who broke their necks in the lake.
 So for years, the mother, the spondan, right? She watched her two children die in front of her.
 Every day, they say, she would go to this lake and she would walk around being like, "Kids, where are you?"
 Kids, kids, and she would walk around the beach, not expecting her kids to say something back.
 She just wanted to find their bodies. She wanted to put their bodies to rest, but she could never find them.
 And people say to this day, as you're driving down Old Lake Road late at night, you may see the phantom of a young mother walking down the street crying out for her children.
 She couldn't even find in death, which is a creepy component to the story. That's not all. We're still going to hang out at the lake because there's another even creepier ghost story here.
 But obviously, there's an element of urban legend to this. We don't have specific names. It's like, we don't know when this took place.
 We've covered these. These are the ghost stories that kind of border into urban legends.
 But there is something particularly terrifying, if you think like the children. And this seems to be... I never thought about this before because I come across this a lot in Ghost Lore,
 where you have a lover die or the children die, whatever, in this area. And then the forlorn woman is walking around looking for her lost lover.
 He had got blown off during the Civil War and she went to the battlefield. She couldn't find him. And now her spirit still walks around.
 Or in this case, and this is a very popular trope as well, the kids die and the mother still walking around the house or walking through the forest or at this point walking down the shore.
 Looking for her lost children and you think, it's terrifying that they don't even find the spirits in death.
 Because the kids died. It's not like the kids are still alive. They just swam to the other shore. They're like, we're going to have a new life together.
 The children died in this location. The mom's looking for them in this location, but she still can't find them, even though at this point they're all dead.
 Now obviously, this is that type of ghost that could be just the recording.
 Right? Someone's in so much misery. Someone has so much heartache that they soaked the environment with their psychic residue.
 So it's not a ghost you could interact with. It's just a ghost walking on the street screaming for her children.
 But then there's also the option, this one's a little scary. I think in Ghost Lore there's that idea of not having a fulfilled your mission on Earth.
 Having something you've always wanted to achieve and not being able to achieve it. The children didn't have that.
 Right? The children broke their necks and they're like, well that sucked. I'm supposed to go to Tommy's birthday party tomorrow, but whatever. I have a broken neck. What am I going to do?
 And then they go to heaven. They don't have these long drawn out heartaches and I don't know what to do without my kids, blah blah blah.
 Because they are the kids, right? So they both break their necks and they have a race to heaven. Look at me. I'm the fastest angel around. Come back, Bobby. I am the fastest.
 They go to heaven. But the mom never went to the afterlife, right? The mom is so torn up about losing her kids.
 And then she said, had she accepted the loss and moved on, maybe she would have gone to heaven. That's super not nice. I'm trying to think of the right word for it, right?
 That's super not nice. But you know, the fact that Callis was the word I was looking for, she could have accepted that they had moved on.
 And then when she died, she had moved on herself. You know what I mean? Like had she accepted it, maybe her spirit would have moved on as well.
 That's actually now that I'm saying that's super callus, right? It's super callus. But in this particular event, not in any other event, not in anything you might be going through, it is like had she accepted that and moved on.
 Not like found other kids. Actually, that's a good segue for our next one. Let's go ahead before I take myself into a bigger hole with my brand new knife.
 Christina, let's hop in the dead rabbit rowboat. We're gonna row row row on out. We're still at Lake Yosemite.
 Out to Girl Scout Island. Splashy, splashy, rowing those oars all the way out to Girl Scouts Island. Now it's called Scouts Island.
 Now it's no longer Girl Scouts. So I don't know if the Boy Scouts are finally allowed there. I don't know if the war has ceased.
 They have made peace on this island. But Scouts Island, if you want to check it out now, again, we have a story that goes back.
 Very urban legend as far as the lore goes. We don't know when this took place. We don't know the names of the people. But this one, this one has an interesting twist to it.
 Back on, back in the, let's say the, let's update this one. Let's say this back in the 90s, right? Back in the 1990s, a mother and her daughter were at Girl Scout Island.
 And while all the other Girl Scouts were asleep, and I'm assuming the Scout Masters, is that what they're called? Girl Scout Masters?
 When the Girl Scouts and their Masters are asleep, this mom, she goes, "Hey, you know what? You know what, dear daughter of mine? You've done so good raising yourself without breaking your neck.
 I'm going to reward you with a trip, a moonlight stroll, in this rowboat I happen to have." So the mother and the daughter get on the rowboat and she's rowing out into Lake Yosemite.
 And a whirlpool appears. And the water starts going around and around. And the boat starts spinning around and around. They didn't see this.
 Apparently this is something that can happen naturally or not. A whirlpool just appears. Hersel is down there. She's like, "Ah, yes, more kelp. More kelp for my army."
 A whirlpool, a whirlpool appears and the boat starts spinning around and around and the daughter fly, like, falls out of the boat. Ah!
 And she gets sucked in by the whirlpool. Now this whirlpool is so, like, strong. It actually flips the boat as well.
 So now the mom is swimming in the darkness. She's screaming for help. Her daughter is underwater. There's no merit badge for how to survive a whirlpool, right?
 And she's trying to rescue her daughter, but she can't. In the darkness of the lake, she can't even find her.
 But eventually she does. This is one where she didn't turn into kelp. She didn't turn into a piece of seaweed.
 Her dead body simply floated to the surface. But the mother also was still completely freaked out about this and through the rest of her life was always looking for her daughter, right?
 I mean, she knew where she was. She was buried in some sort of cemetery, but I think she was cracking the point where she was crazy.
 No one was like, "Hey, I know you're really looking for Margaret. You might want to go down to Clear Valley Green, the cemetery she's buried at."
 No, she would walk around Girl Scouts Island looking for her daughter until she died and now she's a ghost on Girl Scout Island.
 So today, this is how the ghost story goes, in modern times, what will happen is you will be sleeping in your tent.
 You can rent out this island for like 50 bucks a night, but it says you have to be a kid. Do you have a credit card? It has to only be for kid/scouting events.
 So we couldn't do it. That would be dope to rent out an island. That seems pretty reasonable. 50 bucks to own an island for a night?
 Jason, you don't get to own it. You don't get to build a house in one night. But just camp on an island for 50 bucks, that's cheaper than a hotel.
 Anyways, I'm not a scout, so I can't do it, but the scouts can. 50 bucks a night.
 That sounds super reasonable now that you think about it, because you pay 50 bucks and then you fill it with as many scouts as you can.
 Like, you can have them just all standing up. You can have hundreds of them on this island.
 Anyways, as I put my master plan into the side, you have Scout Island, and they'll say late at night when the Girl Scouts are sleeping in their tent,
 The zipper of their tenders is so terrifying the zipper of their tent was
 and a ghost a
 Ghost of this mother will peel back the tent with her fingers and stick her head in the flap and look
 looking your tent
 Looking for her daughter
 They also say that she'll
 Play with the girls hair like she'll brush
 the girls hair while they're in the tent
 and sing them songs
 Which I can't imagine if I've you or a kid if you were an adult and your tent unzipped and a ghost stuck
 They're heading your tent. I imagine just everyone immediately would run out through the ghost get ectoplasm all over you
 I don't think you'd be like I'm gonna see where this goes and then she crawls in she's brushing your hair
 Singing songs you're like Jason that sounds way more pleasant than running through a ghost woman and getting covered in ectoplasm
 Here's my theory with this story
 There is a real issue in the ghost community
 Where I believe because we have seen this we've seen psychics make this mistake a lot as well
 You'll have an actual haunting you'll have an actual ghost in an area and then people go where did this ghost come from?
 Who is this ghost and?
 They will make up a story
 They will fill in the details, so they'll say well this ghost
 Looks like dressed in pioneer woman's clothes in the middle of Nebraska
 She's in this old house
 Let's see what we can find on the family records. Oh a woman died in this house back in
 The period of clothes that I say I already forgot pioneers out of sin pilgrim walks in big old hat
 Buckled shoes and you go. Oh that he must have died on Thanksgiving Eve. He didn't even get a slice of that turkey
 We make up the details and we'll put together kind of like shoddy research and things like that
 We tell a story so when this ghost woman is sticking her head in the tent
 We don't have the name of the woman who this happened to we don't have a year
 We don't know when this kid died all this stuff, so it's possible that there is a ghost on Girl Scout
 This also possible this is a made-up story to scare Girl Scout since I go and it's late, but if there is a ghost on Girl Scout Island
 Unzipping your tent and sticking their head inside
 The idea of her being a mother who lost her kid. We don't we don't know if any of that's true
 We've seen this before in ghost stories where people make up the past. This might be some crazy perverted woman ghost
 Like who has some horrible hair fetish
 Seeking fetish they always wanted to be on American Idol who knows like this
 I you think it's like oh a loving mother who lost her daughter
 So now she's gonna play with your daughter's hair
 but if if you were like walking down the street and
 Somebody walked up to your daughter and started brushing her hair
 You would be like dude get away and you're like whoa my daughter died. I just want to brush your daughter's hair
 You'd be like, okay, that's horrible. And also your maniac stay away from my kid like even if the origin story Israel
 It's kind of creepy, but what if this ghost just has like this weird like Girl Scout hair fetish or something like that like who's to say
 that that's the actual backstory and
 They either don't know or you want to tell a kid that right so I was like hey
 I saw a ghost in my tent last night and crushed my hair the cub of master or whatever they're called will be like
 that was a friendly ghost
 and
 Just listen
 They would know it was a big ol pervert ghost who knows right?
 It's probably the first one. It's probably a mother who lost her daughter
 But I read that and I go who knows like isn't that creepy like your tent gets zipped up and a woman sticks her head in and she's looking around your tent and
 Like what if she just really has like some insidious
 backstory
 Like some horribly dark
 Origin and you don't know you go. Oh, that's just the Kylie mother who lost her daughter
 And you're like do you want to come in our tent and she like slowly walks in?
 I mean
 Despite what her creepy origin story may be the worst she does is
 Brush your hair, but maybe she does a bad job. Maybe have all these knots in your hair
 You're like, ah, and she sings terrible songs. You're like, oh, no no more clay aching, please
 Christina, let's go ahead and toss you the keys to the world famous carbonicopter. We are leaving behind
 girl Scout Island
 bumping a little clay ache in ourselves as we're flying out take us all the way out to
 Ashland, Oregon
 I have a friend long-time listeners of the show know I have a friend named Sabine we hang out a lot
 But it's funny because we couldn't be more different as far as this
 Subject matter goes for this podcast, right?
 She is super pragmatic
 To the point that I think she completely ignores things like evidence
 Evidence stuff. I imagine when Fox Mulder and Dana Scully were doing like assignments
 He Fox Mulder probably got really really irritated at
 Scully a lot because like an alien
 Shootin with lasers and she's like, I don't know they could just be mirrors and it could be the Sun bouncing off the mirrors
 And the Sun could have put a baby in my stomach and then abducted the baby Scully come on like obviously
 There's aliens and ghosts and stuff like that you see it every night
 Now I'm not that irritated at Sabine, but it's so interesting. We went to go see that movie the Northman together
 Which is like a fantasy film. I expected it to be like a
 Historical drama like 300 but no it's a fantasy film
 Where the characters like the great Norse gods actually have their fingers in the plot
 They're doing things and at one point this old woman gets wrapped up in the intestines of a man
 Like she's literally like suspended from the ceiling like a yo-yo
 And I was like, oh dude Odin doesn't mess around he really wanted to wrap up that old witch
 It was a witch with organs and she's like, oh must have been a guy who did
 Possibly have done that there was no one around to do that the star the Northman
 Charles North
 He also had a sword that he got from a zombie
 That could only be pulled out of its sheath at night
 I go well how why would how did you didn't you think it was weird that every time someone tried to pull it out during the
 Day wouldn't pull out but then at night he could pull it out kill a bunch of people
 She's like I can't pay attention that part apparently she's like oh, I don't remember that
 I don't remember that key line. So she's super pragmatic and
 But that's a type of person Sabine is super pragmatic super practical now
 She also says her house is haunted so she believes in ghosts and she doesn't take like human medicine
 She takes like thorn whistle and like peacock juice or whatever, you know like all that hippie-dippy
 Homopathic stuff as well
 So she believes that hippies can apparently cure pain even though Western medicine can't she believes in ghosts
 But she doesn't believe in monsters she doesn't believe in wizards
 I don't believe that stuff either now you're on the further extreme
 super pragmatic person and
 Really throughout her life, you know, she says I live in haunted house
 But other than that
 Insane claim now I didn't think about it. She's I guess she's not that practical
 But but out of her entire life there is one story that she simply can't explain
 and
 Very very terrifying experience
 Let's go back to the year roughly we're back in the year 1998
 So bean is a 22 year old woman and she decides to take her dog sage out for a walk and
 Where she's going is the Ashland dog park which is located on Briggs Lane in Ashland, Oregon
 It was a full moon out
 so the landscape was completely illuminated and
 Sage was this big giant white dog
 But she goes she just glowed in the moonlight
 This big giant white dog. She told me the breed, but I don't remember it's like a yellow lab and mixed with the
 Similarian or mixed with something else. She's mixed with the one ring. I forgot what she was mixed with but she's this big giant white dog and
 Sabine and sage go out to this dog park. They have to climb over a fence
 She rode her bike out there and they climb over this little fence
 Now it's supposed to be there. It's late at night. They're in the woods here, but they're at this dog park and sage is out
 Just kind of doing what dogs do having fun in the middle of the night
 Now Sabine was out there for a little bit right
 10 minutes 15 minutes 20 minutes. She's not entirely for sure, but she was out there for a while right?
 Sage is running around and then all of a sudden Sabine
 Feels
 something
 And she's standing there in the darkness, but the full moon is completely lighting up the entire area. She feels something
 out there
 Sabine begins to feel
 That her life is in danger. It's a full on from like zero to twelve right away
 She's standing out there
 Just enjoying some time with her dog and then all of a sudden she
 100% is under the impression that something is watching her with the intent of doing her harm
 It's a full on I'm about to be attacked
 The landscape is completely illuminated she's turning and she's looking everywhere and she can't see
 Any movement she can't see any silhouette out of place
 The only location where she can't clearly get a good view is there's a creek nearby
 There's like a little goalie and there's a creek and she immediately goes whatever wants me is down there
 It's down there because it's the only place that I can't see and I clearly know that something is in this area
 That wants to do me harm. I feel the
 Caveman like instinct of survival against some sort of unknown predator
 I feel it. I know this is gonna happen and while she is processing all of this
 Sage begins to feel it too
 The sage is a good guard dog
 Sage has always been there getting in between Sabine and some sort of threat
 This brave dog
 That if it sense something was wrong
 It was right there before the threat could even get close to Sabine
 So when sage picks up on this threat
 full guard dog mode activated
 She watches sage as he begins to snarl
 Showing off those massive mighty dog things canines actually is what they're called
 But what strikes her is odd is
 That sage doesn't immediately run out towards the creek because that's where the threats coming from
 There have been times where Sabine's walking with their dog and sage will take off go to a bend in a trail
 So means like what I want to say to come back come back
 And then eventually two hikers walked by and were coming in the opposite direction and sage
 Ran off to be able to eyeball them before they could present a threat like sage will
 Go to head off an assault
 But sage didn't immediately run off towards the creek and that struck her is odd because she knew that's where the threat had to be
 Coming from there was nowhere else around her where someone could be hiding or an animal could be hiding or anything
 What sage begins to do is
 Patrol
 He begins to walk in this very very wide circle around her
 Rowling snarling the entire way
 Sabine's watching him walk in this giant circle and that's when she realizes
 This isn't coming from the creek
 He would have been out there
 He would have put a stock to this or he would have made sure he was there
 Between whatever it was and her but he's on this large circular patrol
 She realizes whatever this is
 This isn't at the creek
 Whatever this is sage doesn't know where it's at either
 Sabine's watching sage make this large patrol and she's thinking could it be a group of people like what could this possibly be like
 Why does he keep moving around me like this? Is there a group of people a pack of animals?
 But at this point there's still no visual on this threat
 Now obviously have a giant white dog may kind of make someone a little more cautious about coming after you but
 Where's it coming from if it was a human sage would have been right there?
 It was an animal sage would have been right there, but he's walking this patrol
 And then
 Sabine begins to notice
 That this circle is getting smaller and smaller
 and smaller
 Sage is still ready for war
 Snarling and growling and gnashing its teeth ready to scare off
 Anything that comes too close and if it keeps coming to rend flesh
 But the circle is getting smaller and smaller and smaller
 Sage is worried
 Sage has no idea where this threat is coming from
 She's getting as close as he can to his master
 Sabine's still standing there trying to make sense of this until eventually
 Her great protector this dog who was stood between her and many threats throughout the years is
 Rubbing up against her legs the circle has become so tight
 He's literally just turning a quick circle right around her legs. He's rubbing up against her and the snarling
 Has turned to whimpering
 Sage is terrified
 He doesn't know what it is
 He doesn't know where it is
 But he does know he can't protect Sabine
 So Sabine realizes this situation has completely gotten out of control and
 Yet she doesn't know what the situation is
 And she stands there and she says to sage
 When I say run buddy
 We run
 Sabine yells out run and within an instant both her and her dog are
 Barreling full force towards that fence
 She has to open it up sage runs out she hops on her bike and they both head home as fast as they can
 I
 Talked to Sabine about the story I find it so fascinating because other than the fact that she says there's ghosts in her house
 She is super practical. I mean like if you ask her about aliens should be like
 Yeah, sure universe is a big place or anything like that
 But as far as like alien abductions as far as monsters or wizards or anything else that I talk about on a daily basis
 She's like she enjoys the stories right she enjoys the stories. She enjoys the weirdness
 But she doesn't really believe it and she's a very practical logical person and she grew up in a very practical logical family
 So when she experienced this I've at like what do you think it was and she goes? I don't know
 She goes but I know this it wasn't flesh and blood. It was not flesh and blood. I don't know what it was
 But if it was something that was alive
 Sage wouldn't have reacted like that
 Now I could keep throwing out stuff as like do you think it was a ghost or demon she's like just and I don't know
 I don't know what it was. This is very telling though because even though
 When she went into that moment and when it was going on she was still thinking this is some sort of physical threat
 IE a human or an animal but as Sage's behavior got more and more odd
 and
 She started me and able to check off every possible thing it could be and it came to what it as far as her logical brain
 Would say couldn't be
 I
 Said I go you were looking around to see if you could see anything and go at any point. Did you look up and?
 She says I mean almost I don't want to say like ashamed ashamed, but there was kind of like a
 an
 Odd emotion when she said this I go did you look up and she kind of paused and she's like
 Yeah
 At a certain point I looked up
 Because obviously a logical person wouldn't think there was a UFO floating overhead
 right
 But when she had run out of options of what it could realistically be at a certain point she looked up to see I go
 What did you expect to see she was I don't know
 But I looked up
 It's a fascinating story it's a fascinating story of an event of someone who really doesn't believe in any of this stuff
 ghosts sure
 but some sort of like demonic force or some sort of
 Creature cryptid something hunting you through the darkness right aliens
 this kind of
 Second day, but most people believe in ghosts is like 70% of America believes in ghosts
 But when you start talking about aliens visiting earth the
 percentages get much lower or cryptids monsters really existing against very low
 Especially monsters that can do you harm
 Loch Ness monster people be like sure bigfoot maybe but when you're talking about some sort of creature in the darkness that can hurt you
 It's far percentage wise far less likely that people believe in that so it's like that would be where I was at
 And it's funny because I've you know, I'm a friend of hers. I'm able to ask her these questions
 I said what would you have done if sage wasn't there?
 She goes
 You know, it's interesting because do you listen to that gut feeling that you're in a dangerous situation
 Some people do and some people don't
 When she goes there's the chance that I would have had this overwhelming sense of fear
 That gripped her from the moment she first sensed this until she was on her bike racing away from the dog park
 Like it never abated. She was always felt like she was under threat
 She goes if I wasn't there with sage I might have just written that off right if I have there'd be no reason for me to be a
 She actually said she goes why would I go to a dog park at late at night by myself?
 Jason I go well just saying she goes but wasn't there was sage. There's a chance that I would have just ignored that feeling
 But when she saw the dog also having such weird behavior now, it's definitely real
 Dogs don't have a sense of imagination. They don't have a sense of wonderment or fear of
 The unknown the dogs reacting to a definite real sensation. It's not an anxiety attack. It's not paranoia
 The dogs reacting to it. So what was that in the darkness? Who knows?
 But the story may not end there
 November 19th 2011 about three miles away from this dog park
 There's a bike path and really they kind of intersect at a lot of points like you have the creek that kind of cuts through this entire area
 And the bike path is along the creek at one point and the dog path is by the creek
 And you just kind of have this creek moving through this area November 19th 2011
 There was a young man named David Grubbs a 23 year old retail employee
 Walking along this bike path late at night near this same creek
 Was attacked by something
 so viciously
 It almost completely severed his head
 There were no defensive wounds
 He was found the next morning by someone also going down this bike path
 He was laying down and they thought maybe he had fallen down and gone to sleep until they got close enough to realize that his head was
 Almost completely removed from his body. He had no defensive wounds
 They have no idea what the murder weapon was they say it was something longer than a knife
 Originally, they thought it might have been a sword
 They've also thought it was a machete possibly they just don't know what the murder weapon was to this day
 This murder has never been solved
 Now if you're in a big city, you're like that doesn't even make the newspaper any more big cities have multiple murders a week
 2011 this guy was murdered in Ashland the previous murders. There was two of them
 They were both like tied to these people going insane
 Ashland had two previous murders in 2004 and the murder before that was in 96
 So Ashland Oregon is not a place that has a ton of murders
 It's where it's where the Shakespeare Festival is the murders normally only take place on stage and
 The police they don't know who murdered David Grubbs and they've actually looked at
 Someone who took the Renn fair, you know the Renaissance fair too seriously and attacked David with a sword with a medieval sword
 Or it was some crazy actor, right?
 Killed him with the sword or they don't even know it's a sword. They keep saying it was a long blade
 They were even looking into a link that he was a big part of the online gaming community surrounding
 Assassin's Creed. I was like, I didn't know there was a that a thing
 I know Assassin's Creed is a thing, but I didn't know there was a gaming community around. It's not really multiplayer, but
 They're trying to figure out what who killed this guy
 It's an 11 year old case they don't know who killed them
 They don't know how he was killed and they said he was a big dude
 They go this wasn't someone you would think would be picked for just a random murder
 But yet here it is
 This young man nearly decapitated by what?
 According to news reports seems like just one swipe
 Didn't even know it was coming
 Now some might say it's some say it's tasteless to combine a real-world true crime story
 with a
 bizarre event that happened a
 Decade earlier two decades earlier almost right some might find that insensitive some might find that cyberpolline
 That's not the point the point is is that?
 What is in this area like I guess it was
 I'm gonna start saying a ghoul attack Tim put is it the same thing is there something in this area that?
 Kills right that it's not a guy with a sword
 It's not a guy with a machete, but it's something far darker and really even more unexplainable than that
 Like what what what happened to Sabine what was something that could scare such a logical person?
 What could be out there like what could be what what could scare a logical person?
 And it's not even that remember the dog was reacting to it as well
 It's such a terrifying story, and I don't know if the two are related
 But if they very well could be
 They very well couldn't they very well couldn't be but the fact that you had someone
 experienced such a dramatic
 feeling of dread and doom and fear and
 The dog felt it too, and the dog didn't know where the energy was coming from didn't know where the threat was coming from
 To the point that eventually it laid down its mantle as protector and just wanted to leave
 What could possibly do that?
 Is it the same thing that could decapitate a man in one surprise strike
 I'm curious if there's other
 Events like this out. I don't know what else has gone their head chopped off
 But I wonder if other people have also sensed this dark energy in this area
 And if maybe told the story to their friends and their family right Sabine doesn't have a
 Podcast or a newsletter nothing like that. She would just tell this story to people. She's never reported this to any ghost hunting organization or anything like that
 So are there multiple stories are there multiple encounters of something like that out there? I would love to find out and
 Is it possible that when Sabine felt that terror and she had that dog with her and she could see the dog was also
 Sensing that terror that got her to leave
 But David walking alone when he felt that fear
 He just said I'm just being paranoid and I've walked this bike trail a hundred times all be fine
 What hides in the darkness along the Ashland bike path
 Who knows
 But this is one
 Demonic force. I'm in no hurry to face down myself
 I
 Did rubber radio a gmail.com is gonna be our email address you can also just look at facebook.com/deadratheradio
 Tiktok is at did rubber radio did rubber radio is the daily paranormal conspiracy and true crime podcast
 You don't have to listen to it every day. I'm glad you listen to it today. Have a great day
 You
, you
 You
 You
 You
 You
 You
 You
 You
 you
 you
 (upbeat music)
