 They truly are like family to us.
 We are so lucky to have these people that just care.
 At Ann and Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago,
 we know that caring for your child takes more than medicine.
 They're not just treating the disease.
 They're caring for Olivia.
 They know my baby's name.
 They make me happy.
 And they make me feel better.
 With cutting-edge treatments and kid-friendly care,
 there's a reason Lurie Children's has ranked the number one
 Children's Hospital in Illinois.
 I would always recommend Lurie Children's, always.
 What happens when the world of true crime and perverts collide?
 It makes a big mess.
 And then, and then we take a look at the story of a man
 who loved drugs so much, he turned himself into one today
 on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode
 of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host Jason Carvener.
 I'm having a great day.
 Hope you guys are having a great day too.
 Hope you guys had a great weekend.
 It's actually still Thursday for me here.
 I'm recording some episodes up,
 so I can take a little vacation this weekend.
 I'm just gonna read.
 Just gonna spend the whole weekend reading
 and getting stuff ready for future episodes
 of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 And we couldn't have future episodes of Dead Rabbit Radio
 without people who support the show.
 And speaking of supporters right now,
 there's a little red dot on my chest.
 It's moving around.
 Give a round of applause for the man
 who's about to shoot me.
 It's Sniper.
 Sniper is our newest Patreon supporter.
 Sniper, go ahead.
 You don't have to shoot me.
 You don't have to shoot me.
 Come on down from your perch.
 You're gonna be our captain, our pilot this episode.
 You guys can't support the Patreon.
 I totally understand.
 Another great way to help support the show
 is to spread the word.
 Let your friends, family, and coworkers know about the show.
 That also really ensures the future of the show.
 So Sniper, go ahead and take off your night vision goggles
 'cause we're gonna do some day driving.
 I'm gonna toss you the keys to the Jason Jalopy
 and we are going to head on out too.
 New Orleans in Louisiana.
 (car horn honks)
 Cars driving down the road.
 You know, every show often,
 I get the criticism about the show.
 That people go, the show used to be better.
 The show used to be better back the first 50 episodes
 or better or whatever.
 And that's fine.
 I can take criticism, but I don't understand.
 I think there's a kind of a difference between
 what the show is and how some people view it.
 It's like a news show.
 I report the stories that are presented to me,
 either that I find or people recommend.
 And whenever I hear that criticism
 or that it's not really a criticism,
 it's just that that's their opinion.
 To me, it's the same thing as if you walked up
 to a journalist and said,
 "Hey man, I really like the news better."
 Back on September 11th.
 It was super exciting.
 I was glued to my television for like two weeks.
 September 11th, 2001.
 How come you don't do news like that anymore?
 Journalists would go, because thankfully,
 it doesn't happen that much or at all, nothing that big.
 So it's the same thing.
 The show is the stories that are presented to me.
 So yeah, sure, I had like ageless travel back then.
 The ocean at night.
 I had some classic episodes, but I don't do ARGs.
 I really don't, I'll touch on creepypastas every once
 in a while.
 I do the stories that I find,
 and I generally do them while I find them.
 That again, and it's a valid opinion,
 but I just think there's a disconnect
 between what the show is.
 And I think people do kind of confuse it sometimes
 with shows that cover ARGs
 or like these long myth building episodes
 and things like that.
 That being said,
 (laughs)
 that all being said,
 Sniper, go ahead and pull outside of this house
 in New Orleans, Louisiana, the year is 2019.
 And there's a young babysitter walking into a house.
 Now, apparently there's a thing called a babysitter app
 where you can pull, it sounds like something
 a serial killer would design, right?
 It's like Grubhub, but for serial killers,
 you can order babysitters to come to your house.
 That's terrifying.
 Why would anyone create this app or use this app?
 But apparently there are babysitter apps
 where you can order babysitters.
 They're so, so spooky.
 There's this guy, his name is Rutledge Diaz IV.
 He's 29 years old and he has a younger brother named Corey,
 17 year old younger brother,
 who unfortunately severely disabled.
 He can't bathe himself, he has to wear a diaper,
 he can't really go anywhere,
 he's just this disabled dude
 who's like mentally disabled and physically disabled.
 And Rutledge can't really take care of him,
 so he calls up his Grubhub for babysitters
 and orders a babysitter.
 I can't even say without laughing,
 it sounds like something.
 Dracula would use.
 Rutledge though is not Dracula,
 he has this babysitter come to take care
 of his younger brother Corey,
 'cause he has to make money.
 Babysitters aren't free.
 So using this app,
 Corey is actually able to get the help that he needs.
 So I mean, he's 17 years old,
 he's almost an adult physically,
 so you have to carry him around, he's pretty heavy.
 I'm complaining about it,
 that's why I'm not a babysitter.
 I'm like, aw, it sucks.
 You're too heavy, lose some weight.
 You have to carry him around,
 they have this giant car seat for him to go in,
 they pick him up, put him in the car seat,
 drive around town, maybe he just likes to like,
 look out the window, it doesn't say,
 they just say that he has a giant car seat.
 I don't know why that details in the story,
 but I just find it amusing.
 And he wears diapers all the time.
 Now, he's constantly pooping his diapers,
 and he can't get mad at them, right?
 He doesn't know any better.
 Babies like has the mind of a baby.
 Babies don't know better,
 he's constantly pooping his diaper.
 But there's a lot of babysitters that use this app,
 there's a lot of babysitters that take care of Corey,
 kind of gets known in town that
 Corey can be a little difficult,
 but overall, he's probably a good guy.
 November 13th, 2019.
 Police, we have a warrant!
 They kicked down his door.
 Rutledge Diaz is like, what's going on, what's going on?
 Cops come storming, I don't know if it was that dramatic.
 He just knocked and he opened the door.
 But in my version, breaking through windows
 and knocking over piles of diapers
 and making a little barricade,
 Rutledge is hiding behind a giant car seat.
 What do you officers want?
 There is no Corey, apparently.
 Doesn't exist, it's not like,
 it's not like Joker's fake girlfriend
 like all the babysitters just hallucinated this giant baby.
 Plot twist, Rutledge is Corey.
 Rutledge allegedly is a big old pervert.
 Definitely there's a heart allegedly on that one.
 Rutledge allegedly came up with this plan.
 I really, really like pooping my pants.
 And I bought this giant car seat
 and I don't know what to use it for.
 If only there was a way I could combine my love of pooping
 and being cleaned with this app that I discovered,
 that I could order women to come into my house.
 Aha, I have it.
 So he begins, as he's coming up with an idea,
 he's pooping his pants, he's like, aha.
 An idea has come to me instead of a light bulb,
 it's just a big brown load in his pants.
 He loves, again, this is all a legend.
 This last song will say it, but he loves pooping his pants.
 You definitely have to say allegedly before that.
 And he loves women cleaning it up.
 So he actually thought this would be a great idea
 to combine the two like Reese's Peanut Butter Cup,
 but you don't wanna know where the chocolate's coming from.
 Babysitters are constantly, this goes on for a while,
 but eventually one of them, she visited the house 10 times
 and she thought this doesn't,
 this seems a little suspicious.
 I went over to his house, I realized he was really good
 at Super Smash Brothers, but then like he's like,
 gaga-googoo, and he's pooping his pants.
 Like I thought it was bizarre,
 that he was able to make a martini,
 but I don't know, maybe that's the one thing
 this baby can do.
 So the cops do a rest of him,
 apparently in Louisiana, I did not know this.
 It's good to know if you live in Louisiana
 and you're thinking about being a criminal,
 if you commit labor fraud in Louisiana,
 basically if you hire someone under false pretenses,
 that's human trafficking, that's a 10 year charge.
 If you tell someone, hey, why don't you come over,
 I'll pay you to like wash my car and they get over there
 and you're like, oh no, I want you to paint my fence
 instead, Tom Sawyer?
 That would basically be human trafficking.
 He was facing 40 years in prison for this scheme.
 He was basically charged with sexual battery
 because while he was pooping his pants,
 the women were cleaning him
 and he was getting gratification from that.
 So that's where those charges came from.
 Got charged with four counts of human trafficking
 and one count of possession
 of a controlled dangerous substance.
 I'll give you one guess as to what drug he was on.
 So if you ever go over to a house
 and there's a giant baby smoking meth,
 could be this guy.
 And actually I just realized
 I don't have to say allegedly,
 he actually got sentenced on this.
 Five years probation.
 We do have another story, another similar story
 in Phoenix, Arizona.
 I'm not gonna go into too much detail about it
 'cause it's pretty much the exact same story.
 But I did think it was weird.
 This guy also used the babysitter app.
 I think that's gonna be a huge issue forward.
 If I just learned out
 that you could order a babysitter to your house
 and if I know about it,
 then there's a whole bunch of lunatics.
 There's a whole bunch of weirdos
 who happened to be reading the news that day.
 They found out about this as well.
 But this guy was using the same thing.
 His name is Paul Anthony Machaka,
 30 year old man.
 He told people he had Down syndrome
 and pretended to be his mom through the babysitter app
 was hiring babysitters and the mom,
 quote unquote, the mom was saying,
 "My son, he's such a good boy,
 "but when he poops his pants, you better punish him."
 And give him a nice long bath.
 Babysitter's are like, "What?"
 But hey, you know, it's whatever.
 It's $18 an hour.
 And it was this weird scheme.
 His parents did not know he was doing this.
 He was living at home.
 The mom, the fake mom would say,
 "My son's gonna be at some random location
 "in Phoenix, Arizona."
 It's like, where's Waldo?
 But involving a pervert.
 "My son's gonna be at some random location
 "in Phoenix, Arizona."
 Well, tell you where he's at.
 You don't actually have to go searching for him.
 There's like a timer.
 Where in the world is Carmen San Diego?
 You find him at this random location.
 You don't find him.
 We'll tell you where he's at.
 He's basically say, "Pick me up at the mall.
 "Take him to a neutral location."
 Doesn't say for sure,
 but I'm assuming like a hotel room or something like that.
 And if you pooped his pants, you punish him.
 You put him in the corner,
 but and then give him a nice long bath.
 And then you drop him off at another random location.
 They're using random, not a cut of fine, this guy.
 They're just imagining a pervert.
 And it's all, "Bing!"
 He does this for months.
 He does this for like,
 he gets away with this for like 10 months
 and three different babysitters are washing them.
 And a lot of times in their washroom bathtub,
 he's like, "More, more washy wash, more washy wash."
 And he would get like,
 I don't know if he made baby voices,
 but he was getting really mad
 and they had to vigorously wash his genitals.
 And one of the babysitters finally goes,
 "Listen, this is super suspicious.
 "I got me a lot of money doing this,
 "but now I'm suspicious."
 And so she followed him home.
 She followed another babysitter dropping him off.
 She followed him home like straight up,
 Nancy drewed this dude.
 And when he walked into his house,
 she went up, knocked on the door and was like,
 "Hey, I'm your son's babysitter.
 "Just wanna be clear,
 "your son does have Down syndrome, right?
 "And you want us to punish him when he poops his pants."
 And the mom, the mom answers the door is like,
 "Hey, Paul, Paul,
 "I think we have something to talk about.
 "This woman's telling me that you're a bad, bad boy
 "when you poop your pants."
 He has not been sentenced yet.
 So allegedly, all that stuff was alleged.
 He got arrested down in 2018
 and hasn't been charged yet.
 So I don't know if he's putting it off.
 'Cause you know, a lot of times when you get arrested,
 you have the chance to drag the trial out
 as long as possible.
 You have the right to a speedy trial.
 But if you have a lawyer and you have money,
 you can make it last as long.
 Like you can keep doing delays.
 And if you're free on bail, why rush it?
 Why rush the trial?
 So you just keep delaying it over and over again
 if you have the money for it.
 So that could be what he's doing.
 It's all a legend.
 Maybe he is a good boy and not a bad boy.
 I don't know.
 I don't want to determine that
 'cause I might give him a boner either way, allegedly.
 But that is that story.
 Kind of piggybacked on the other one.
 Bunch of perverts running around in diapers.
 Now, it's time to end pervert land.
 There's not a button to do that.
 You know what, dude?
 Tumblr disappears.
 Sniper, I want you to get us out of pervertville.
 Call in that carpenter copter.
 (imitates car engine)
 We're all jumping on board.
 Got the machine guns manned in case a bunch of babies,
 human babies are chasing us.
 (imitates car engine)
 World War Z.
 They're like pooping.
 They're making a giant poop mountain towards us.
 Sniper, go ahead and take us out of here.
 We are headed out to Nebraska.
 (imitates car engine)
 This story was sent to me by Mason,
 a long-time listener of the show,
 long-time supporter of the show.
 And I don't know if even he understood
 the gravity of this story.
 Really, really appreciate it.
 Sent me a lot of good stuff.
 Really big supporter of the show.
 But I don't know if even he understands
 the gravity of the story because I didn't get it
 until maybe 10 minutes before recording this podcast.
 Check this out.
 All the information I got from this
 is from a website called iflscience.com.
 It's an article written by James Felton.
 And it's based on a medical report
 that was recently written by a bunch of doctors.
 So in Nebraska, there is a man,
 we don't have his name 'cause this was written
 in a medical journal.
 We're gonna call him Alexander.
 He's 30 years old and he has had some difficulties
 with his life.
 He's an opioid addict.
 He's suffering from major depression
 and he has decided to stop taking his bipolar medication.
 And his family obviously is not happy with that.
 They wanna support him.
 But they're starting to notice he's having these
 wild mood swings around the house.
 Dealing with all of that stuff isn't fun
 and then not taking their medications
 and really just compounding it.
 But he's decided, like many people
 who suffer from mental illness,
 he's decided to self-medicate.
 Doesn't want the pharmaceutical medications.
 No, he's gonna self-medicate using recreational stuff.
 He decides to try magic mushroom tea.
 And that's where you take one of those
 special magic mushrooms, the cyclobin,
 blah, blah, blah, Latin stuff, mushrooms.
 And you pour hot water over it
 and it makes a psychoactive tea, a magic mushroom tea.
 So he's like, has his legs crossed,
 his little Mr. Miyagi moment.
 He's pouring Mr. Miyagi super driven out.
 He's catching flies that don't exist.
 He's pouring the little teapot over the magic mushrooms
 and he's brewing this tea and he's like, hmm, yes.
 Now, recently they just passed along organ,
 allowing veteran groups to be able to use
 magic mushrooms for depression therapy.
 There's actually a lot of studies.
 I'm not a huge fan of hallucinogenics.
 I don't use them.
 I have a lot of friends who do
 and I don't judge them for doing it,
 but I'm not a hallucinogenic fan myself.
 But they passed a law saying,
 we can use this for therapy.
 There are a lot of studies showing
 that it works for depression and drug abuse, drug addiction.
 So it would make sense that he was suffering from depression.
 He's suffering from an opioid addiction.
 He thinks maybe I can help alleviate that
 by drinking this magic mushroom tea.
 Specifically, he was looking at the idea of micro dosing,
 where you take tiny, like super tiny amounts of it over time
 so you don't get the full effect.
 Micro dosing, the science is still out on that.
 But someone who already has a drug addiction,
 it's probably not the best path to go on
 'cause you start off micro dosing,
 eventually you're mega dosing because you're a drug addict.
 You're just changing your drug of choice.
 But maybe magic mushrooms will end all of that, right?
 That's the idea, I'll have an awakening.
 So he bruises magic mushroom tea.
 Now that might've worked
 if he had gone about the standard plan.
 Like an organ, you can do the magic mushrooms,
 but it has to be in a controlled environment.
 It has to be given out by a certified doctor
 or something like that.
 He takes this tea, he smells that the steam's coming off the tea.
 This tea is psychoactive at this point.
 And he goes to take a drink and he goes,
 "No, no, that's where the norm is."
 He puts the tea cup down, he gets a little cotton ball.
 He pulls out a syringe.
 He puts the syringe in the tea
 and filters out the impurities through the cotton ball.
 (mimics machine noise)
 Syringes make that noise, don't you know?
 He injects himself with the magic mushroom tea.
 It begins to flow through his veins.
 Couple days later, his family finds him.
 He's laying on the floor.
 I have in my notes extreme confusion.
 That was the best way I could say extreme confusion.
 He was lit, he was gone.
 He was so high days later and he can't talk.
 He's just kind of flopping around.
 Obviously the family's immediately alarmed by that,
 but he's also yellow.
 He's turned yellow.
 The area's full of diarrhea.
 Those two guys from the first story,
 they're like taking notes, they're like,
 "What was his recipe?"
 He was yellow, he was pooping everywhere,
 and as the family comes in, he can't talk,
 he's extremely confused, he looks at them,
 and he begins to vomit blood.
 This isn't creepypasta, this isn't a medical journal.
 They obviously called 911.
 He's taken to the hospital.
 His organs are failing, his lungs are failing.
 He has septic shot extreme liver damage,
 which is what gave him jaundice.
 Also one of the symptoms they noted was nausea.
 That's the least of your problems.
 When you're having diarrhea and throwing up blood
 at the same time, do they really need to put down
 his tummy hurt?
 We know he has nausea.
 His organs are failing.
 And on top of all of that, the doctors realized
 this dude is tripping balls.
 Like this dude is out of it.
 Now they can obviously figure out that he injected this T.
 I don't think he injected the T and was like,
 "Oh, now I'm gonna watch a couple episodes of The Simpsons."
 And then maybe I'll start going to conspiracy websites.
 Like I like that he got lit right away.
 So they would have found the syringe,
 they would have found the T and the mushrooms,
 all of that stuff.
 But he's in the ICU at this point.
 He's totally messed up.
 The doctors are trying to figure out how to save him.
 How to reverse all this stuff.
 And they start to notice clots in his blood.
 And they're like, "Right, who knows what is going on now?
 Like he's done all this damage, knows what's going on."
 So they start taking blood samples
 and they start looking at it through the microscope.
 They notice, this is so insane.
 In his blood, he is growing mushrooms.
 When he was making the T,
 when he was putting the boiling water over the mushroom,
 it was releasing spores into the T.
 And he injected the spores into his veins
 and they could tell that the fungus was growing
 in his bloodstream.
 And they think that is why he was still high.
 He turned himself into a magic mushroom.
 It is unclear, 'cause they don't know for sure,
 but they wrote in this report, it is unclear
 whether active, intravascular infection
 with a psychoactive fungus
 may prompt persistent psychoactive effects
 as seen with ingestion of the same species.
 Unquote.
 So it's in him and it's not going away.
 The fungus is growing in his bloodstream
 and keeping him high.
 Until you're able to kill the fungus in there,
 you're gonna be tripping balls.
 He turned himself into a magic mushroom, full of spores.
 He was in the ICU for eight days.
 They released him from the ICU.
 He was in the hospital for another 22 days
 and now he's still being treated.
 He's out of the hospital, he's doing fine,
 he didn't pass away, but now he's still being treated.
 He basically took the ultimate trip and became a drug.
 Now, the first question you asked yourself,
 this is a question I wrote in my notes.
 Could you get high off this guy?
 Basically, right?
 If he was still in a vegetative state and doctor's like,
 "Oh dude, I have a party, I have a party going up
 and I didn't bring any snacks.
 I know what I'll do.
 I'll bring the drugs."
 And he's pulling blood out of this dude.
 Could you smoke his blood?
 Could you dry it?
 Could you drink it?
 Could you inject?
 Don't inject it yourself, this is just more spores.
 But could you get high off this dude's blood?
 If you gave him a kiss,
 if you gave him a big old wet, slavvy kiss,
 would you get high off this saliva?
 Could you, 'cause he basically is full of
 magic mushroom spores.
 Now, he would eventually die if he didn't cure him,
 but before he died or like right,
 you're like, "No, no, don't do the cure yet.
 Don't do the cure yet."
 Ah, yes, get high of your own supply.
 But then as I was getting ready to record this episode,
 I remembered something.
 Maybe about 100 episodes.
 I'll put it in the show notes.
 100 to 150 episodes ago.
 You guys will know where I'm headed with this now.
 I'm sure Mason's like, "Oh yeah."
 I covered a story called "Skin."
 It was on the Arrowid database.
 It was this woman who was writing it.
 It's great, I love that episode.
 Check it out, it'll be in the show notes.
 It's a story of a young couple who decides to start
 to experiment with meth.
 And she believes that their drug dealer's trying
 to turn them into drugs.
 Because the effects are so bad,
 she could squeeze her stomach and Crisco,
 like oily clumps of Crisco would pour out of her skin.
 Half the stories are just her sitting,
 half the stories are just her sitting in the sauna
 and black ooze is coming out of every part of her body.
 And she believed that if you scraped off the Crisco,
 the darkened Crisco grease,
 sorry if you're baking right now,
 you're like, "Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun,
 can't wait for these cookies to get done."
 As you're scraping off the grease,
 her psychotic belief was that you could smoke it,
 you could get high off that.
 She was thinking that this drug dealer was actually
 trying to turn her into this drug.
 She was gonna get trapped in a basement or something
 like that and just be used to get other people high.
 And it's funny 'cause I reported that story
 and everyone was just kinda creeped and grossed out by it.
 But it seems so fantastical.
 A woman in the midst of a meth psychosis.
 And then we have this.
 It's possible to turn a human being into drugs.
 I wonder if she was right.
 I wonder if there are people out there
 that are doing this on purpose to other people.
 Because you can talk about Adrenochrome all day long.
 This is 100 times worse.
 A hallucinogen that is cultured in a human body.
 That would have to be incredibly potent.
 And even if it wasn't more potent than normal
 magic mushrooms, just the idea that it came
 from a human body in your mind would make it more valuable.
 If you were a drug dude, you're like, "Hey, dude,
 "you're like chasing a smoke weed all the time.
 "I don't want my weed to come out of some dude,
 "but you know what I mean?
 "Let's say you're some high level, rich celebrity person."
 And someone's like, "Hey man, have you ever tried Jerry?"
 People are like, "No, what's Jerry?"
 And they're like, "Jerry, it's this new drug
 "that we actually make in human bodies."
 You hold up a little red vial and be like,
 "Dude, it's gonna get you lit.
 "Don't inject it, don't inject it,
 "or you might become the next Jerry."
 But you smoke this, you snort this, you drink this,
 you're gonna get high.
 It's the best trip you've ever had.
 Let's try a little bit of Jerry.
 This story is real.
 This story has scientific proof behind it.
 This story actually happened.
 And the story of skin just seemed,
 it seemed like it could have been a fake story,
 or it could have seemed like it was
 a woman's psychotic delusion.
 But it may turn out that her story
 may have actually been real.
 She may have dodged a bullet.
 She may have honestly been experimented on
 to be turned into a drug.
 This guy's attempt to leave his own depression
 may have opened the window to a world of drugs
 that most people don't even know exist.
 Drugs cultured and manufactured inside the human body.
 Everyone thinks it's a new crazy chemical
 from some lab in Germany,
 but it's actually the blood of a young woman
 who went missing, a young man whose family
 never stopped searching for him,
 a child who got lost, and nobody knows
 what happened to them.
 The designer drugs of the future may be made
 from the men and women who have gone missing in the past.
 So warning to all you psychonauts out there
 looking for the next designer drug.
 You spent years trying to find the next big high.
 It turns out the next big high was in you all along.
 DeadRabberRadio@gmail.com is gonna be your email address.
 You can also hit us up at facebook.com/DeadRabberRadio.
 Twitter is @DeadRabberRadio.
 DeadRabberRadio is the daily paranormal conspiracy
 in true crime podcasts.
 You don't have to listen to it everyday,
 but I'm glad you listened to it today.
 Have a great one, guys.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
