 A humorous story takes a dark turn as disgusting criminals lurk in the darkness all around
 us.
 And then we take a trip to the University of California, Irvine.
 Is it possible that this college is infused with such dark energy?
 It has become a perpetual suicide machine today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host, Zazen Garminer, I'm having a great day, I hope you guys are having a great
 day too, I hope you guys are having tons of fun doing whatever you're doing.
 Let's go ahead and get this episode started.
 Coming into Dead Rabbit Command right now is one of our legacy Patreon supporters.
 Everyone give it up for Cobalt.
 Woo!
 Yeah!
 Come on in Cobalt!
 Yeah, yeah!
 Cobalt, you're gonna be our captain, our pilot.
 Sorry, I didn't really give you high five.
 Cobalt, you're gonna be our captain, our pilot.
 This episode, if you guys can't support the Patreon, or if you don't want to get sorry,
 that's fine too.
 Just helps read the word about the show.
 That really, really helps out a lot.
 Give me a hug, Cobalt.
 Sorry, sorry that I took you like that.
 Cobalt, let's go ahead and dig.
 I have a bowl of keys.
 Like it's a 1970s swinger party here.
 I'm gonna reach into the bowl of keys at random, and I'm gonna pull out the keys to the Dead
 Rabbit Durgeable Cobalt, or leave me behind Dead Rabbit Command, take the controls.
 We're flying all the way out to a house in a suburban neighborhood.
 A long time ago, I did an episode about what I thought was a haunted website.
 I had never found such a website that when you go into it, you just feel so gross.
 I'm not even talking about stuff like Best Gore or Rotten.com, stuff like that.
 It was on Reddit.
 Of course, Reddit is a cesspool.
 I can't stand Reddit.
 I have to use it all the time for the show, but before that, I never used it.
 Reddit.
 I hate Reddit.
 Reddit allows the most disgusting people to congregate and to hang out for untold amounts
 of time.
 You can find the grossest things on Reddit.
 I talked about a haunted website that I thought I'd come across because you feel so gross
 when you're hanging out in it.
 It is the subreddit called Sex Offender Support.
 Sex Offender Support.
 This is a place where people who are convicted of sex crimes can communicate with each other.
 So you can imagine how gross this is.
 And I remember saying at the end of this episode, I'm never going back to it.
 This place is so disgusting.
 I don't ever want to go back to it.
 However, we're talking about it again.
 Cobalt's turning the Dead Rabbit Durgable around.
 No, no, no, no.
 We're talking about it again because, listen, man, just like the Mafia, you think you're
 out and they pull you back in, this stuff is so insane that I, of course, I was going
 to go back, right?
 Of course, I was eventually going to find my way back here.
 And this story starts off quite hilarious.
 This funny story can be about this topic.
 I think this setup is funny, right?
 I think this setup is funny.
 So on Sex Offender Support, and I will say this, it's so interesting.
 I'm all over the internet.
 I've been reading stuff, not just on the internet, but published and comments and everything,
 right?
 You read all sorts of stuff.
 The people on Sex Offender subreddit are the dumbest of the dumb.
 And I'm not just talking about their belief system.
 I'm talking about the way they write.
 Grammatically, it's really bad.
 It's so interesting.
 These people are truly idiots.
 Regardless of whatever crime they've done, which is just disgusting, they're idiots.
 They're stupid.
 They actually have terrible grammar.
 Like, "Jayce, really?
 That's your first takeaway from a Sex Offender Support subreddit?"
 What?
 They didn't use a period in that sentence.
 Anyways, they're all morons.
 And this guy posted this on his Sex Offender subreddit.
 This guy goes by the name "Ancient Answer 159."
 He's deleted his account now, but I archive a bunch of this stuff.
 For the show note, "Sex Offender Support, Ancient Answer 159, got arrested for a sex crime case."
 They're always really cagey about what they're talking about.
 He's currently under house arrest.
 He's waiting for his trial to happen.
 He's under something called "Level One House Arrest."
 It's all different by state.
 I couldn't figure out, like, we obviously don't know where this guy is, but I couldn't
 figure out, like, how bad that was.
 I'm assuming it's pretty bad because he can't leave his house at all.
 He has the ankle monitor on and he can't leave his house at all.
 He can't leave his house to go to work.
 He can't leave his house to thank God.
 Obviously, you're like, "Oh, where's Barry then?"
 He's been gone the past three months, man.
 All this paperwork's been backing up.
 And the boss is like, "Please quit asking where Barry is.
 Trust me, you don't want to know.
 You'll kill the dude."
 This guy, we'll just call him Barry.
 I don't know if that's his real name, but Barry is under house arrest, "Level One House
 Arrest," and he has a roommate.
 And Barry is starving to death.
 He posts on this subreddit.
 He goes, "I'm under house arrest and my roommate refuses to buy me food.
 My roommate is refusing to do my shopping.
 And I'm stuck in this house."
 He goes, "It's been months since I've eaten anything," which I think is a little bit of
 an exaggeration, obviously, or maybe he was a gamer and had a bunch of, like, G Fuel laying
 around.
 That's a great ad for them.
 Had a bunch of Doritos and he's been munching on those for the last couple of months.
 But he goes, "I'm starving to death.
 I keep asking my roommate to buy me food and my roommate goes, 'No, that's hilarious,
 because you know that this roommate's probably like, 'I can't kick him out.
 He's under house arrest,' which basically means that I'm under house arrest.
 This guy's committed some disgusting crime.
 The very least I can do is my civic duty and slowly starve this man to death.
 He's not buying any food."
 Imagine this guy's been catching stray cockroaches, berries, and building little traps, trying
 to attract birds with a cheeto on a string.
 He's starving to death.
 He can't eat anything.
 His roommate's got to imagine his roommate's like, "Yummy, yummy, yummy.
 I ordered one of everything from McDonald's menu."
 And he's like, "What am I going to have now?
 The roommate's put on like 300 pounds just taunting this guy.
 He's eating all this food."
 He's like, "It's worth it.
 It's worth my cholesterol going up just to taunt this sicko."
 And he says, "I don't know what to do.
 Like I can't get any food.
 I feel like I'm losing muscle like at this point.
 It's not just that I'm losing weight.
 I'm actually getting weaker, physically weaker, because my roommate will not buy me food."
 Now listen, he's not eating anything.
 It's funny, right?
 I was laughing about that.
 I thought it was hilarious.
 And then of course, because Reddit is the way that it is, I scroll down a bit and I
 start reading the comments.
 And again, we're in the sex offender support subreddit.
 And people then begin to give him advice.
 And it would be one of the things if they said, "Set up a Venmo.
 I'll send you some money.
 A sicko's got to stick together."
 It was something like that, fine.
 If it was something like, "Yeah, I feel for you, dude, but call your parole agent or call
 the court and say that you need an emergency thing to be able to go get some food or something."
 They don't do that.
 They don't do that.
 They give him tips on how to beat the charges.
 This is the problem with this subreddit, right?
 They're giving this guy tips on how to not only get a delicious cheeseburger, but also
 how to beat the charges.
 So you have a guy named NoResort7214.
 So listen, what you should do is you should check yourself into a psychiatric hospital
 because you'll get food there.
 They'll feed you.
 And that can actually help with your sentencing.
 Because remember, he hasn't had his trial yet.
 All of this stuff is pending or he may be halfway through the trial.
 But he definitely hasn't been sentenced.
 This is all part of the legal process.
 He goes, "It actually will help with your sentencing when I had to go to court.
 I had checked myself into a psychiatric hospital and my lawyer said, 'Look, he's working on
 improving his mental fitness.'
 And the judge, Jerry, goes, 'Yeah, he seems to be an upstanding guy.
 He's not doing anything to us right now in the courtroom.
 Plus, we have this lawyer saying this and this doctor saying this.
 Ah, you know, let's give him a little bit of a break on the sentencing.'
 Gross, right?
 I'm giving him tips on how to beat the system.
 Again, it's not saying you need mental help.
 You need mental help.
 It's like, hey, this is a way to kind of skirt the law a bit.
 Probably not a good thing to talk about skirts around sex offenders.
 I don't want them popping a bone or anything.
 But then we have puzzled ear 531.9.
 And this one, this one like legit made me mad.
 So I'm sharing it with you.
 I'm sharing it with you.
 Puzzled ear 531.9 goes, "Yeah, do check yourself into a mental hospital."
 Now, again, not because you're mentally disturbed, not because you're a sex criminal.
 He said, listen, right after I got arrested, I checked myself into a mental hospital.
 And I'm sure the stress level was super high, but again, it didn't seem like, oh, me, oh,
 my, I'm a sick pervert.
 I need mental help.
 It was like, oh, no, I actually got caught doing the things that I do.
 I'm stressed out.
 He went to the mental hospital.
 Normally, did he have a bunch of delicious food?
 Apparently, it's right next to a Chipotle.
 He says the doctors at the mental hospital said that he had some brain issues.
 His brain had a hard time developing, or obviously, he needed to check himself in a mental hospital
 for that one.
 His brain had a hard time developing.
 It caused him to make poor decisions.
 He didn't have it all up here.
 It wasn't his fault that he did those crimes.
 It was his brain.
 And the judge actually agreed.
 He served no jail time.
 His lawyer used that as an excuse.
 He got no jail time.
 All he got was three and a half years probation and three years as part of a sex offender
 group.
 But then he includes this quote, quote, "The DA, district attorney, wanted to send me
 away for 50 years because of my eight victims."
 Eight victims facing 50 years in prison, but because he checked himself in a mental hospital
 and the doctor diagnosed them like that, three and a half years probation, just three years
 as part of this sex offender support group.
 Not the subreddit, not the subreddit, like a in-person talking to other sex offenders.
 So basically, six years in total, eight victims because he went to the mental hospital and
 got this doctor to write this up.
 This is why I hate this subreddit.
 This is why I hate this subreddit.
 This is why I hate Reddit in whole because this information is just slowly collecting
 over time and now people can go and access all this stuff.
 If you're accused of one of these things, you're going to find this group and you're
 going to go, "Oh, that's a pretty good idea."
 I'll just go to a mental hospital.
 Maybe I'll look out.
 And that's what they're saying publicly.
 Who knows what they're saying in their DMs?
 Gross.
 This gross subreddit tends to collect the worst of the worst.
 This subreddit's up.
 I've gone in conversations on the Patreon Discord.
 We've talked about it a couple of times about free speech and all that stuff.
 I am a free speech advocate, but when you're trading tips with other pedophiles, rapists,
 channel listers, whatever, on how to beat charges, you have to have a limit.
 I'll have that discussion though about free speech.
 I'm not saying I'm the arbiter of it all, but that's disgusting, right?
 Sorry, I'm sorry.
 This guy's slowly starving to death.
 And then it turns out they're giving him tips on how to beat his charges.
 Now he deleted his account.
 We don't know what his crime was or if he beat the charges or anything like that, but
 this other dude did eight victims.
 Three and a half years probation.
 Gross.
 Gross.
 Cobalt actually had a new Patreon supporter that I was going to have drive us around
 this episode, but when episodes get this gross, when episodes get that rough, I was going
 to, I like to use the legacy Patreon because you never know how people are going to react.
 DJ Blue, I'm going to give you your shout out tomorrow, but Cobalt, let's go ahead and
 touch the keys of the car.
 I'm going to touch on those, bro.
 We're leaving behind this disgusting house.
 We're headed all the way out to University of California in Irvine, California.
 Since last season, I've been on a ghost binge.
 It was the stories that I thought I would honestly talk about the most when I started
 doing this show.
 And they're actually interesting ghost stories are really hard to find.
 They're really hard to find.
 So we do a lot of UFOs, which I love UFOs.
 We do a lot of Bigfoot, which I've learned to love Bigfoot since I moved up to the Pacific
 Northwest.
 I mean, it wasn't a big thing, but I thought we'd do more ghost stuff.
 So I've kind of been on a ghost binge lately, but when you research these, I like to just
 like look into the legend.
 Is there anything behind this?
 I always like doing the additional information, finding that stuff out.
 And this is a story where it evolves past spooky, icky ghosts walking along an abandoned
 road.
 That's how the story starts, but it's one of the stories that just gets really weird
 as it goes on.
 We're at University of California, Irvine, and like any place where you have people congregating,
 legends and ghost stories are going to form.
 The first one we're going to look at is if you drive down campus drive by yourself.
 I apparently this, I don't think this is like the main thoroughfare.
 I don't think this is where the buses go.
 It's kind of like, I'm assuming a road kind of removed from campus because otherwise this
 story would be easily disprovable.
 You'd have people be like, dude, I walk down the road all the time to get to my econ class.
 It's not haunted, but apparently if you're driving down campus drive late at night, are
 you doing that?
 Econ nerds?
 Quick trying to dispute my story that I found online.
 As you're driving down campus drive alone, your car will stop automatically.
 And a woman shows up.
 This is where detail.
 She talks to you, but she doesn't move her mouth.
 That's super odd.
 That's usually related to aliens.
 Very rarely do you hear ghost telepathically talking to people, especially if you can see
 it, but she talks to you in your head and she asks you to help her find her missing
 daughter.
 Like, can I get in your car?
 Can you help me?
 And you may be a little scared because you're in the middle of nowhere, maybe, or maybe
 you're right next to the women's dormitory.
 But definitely whether or not that humans move their mouths when they talk unless you're
 talking to like Jeff Dunham.
 It's not Jeff Dunham.
 She doesn't move her mouth.
 She asks you this.
 If you let her in your car, then you'll drive down the road and you'll have this woman in
 your car.
 No one's that stupid.
 No one's going to actually open the door for her.
 So she teleports into your car.
 She teleports.
 This woman just teleports into your car.
 So you're in a choice.
 Now you're driving on a road with a woman.
 Would Jeff Dunham?
 Would Jeff Dunham?
 I kill you.
 He has all these puppets in here.
 It's truly hell.
 You're driving down the road.
 He's doing all these voices.
 You're like, oh my God.
 And she makes you just drive down the road.
 Now the car's working again.
 And then eventually she disappears out of the car, thankfully.
 And then you turn around and there's a Jeff Dunham puppet of you sitting in the back seat
 going, I kill you.
 He's like, do Jason have that joke from like 2004?
 How old is that?
 Anyways, no, that's not what happens.
 That would actually be pretty cool.
 What happened?
 I think about it.
 That would be pretty cool.
 A Dunham doll of you.
 He's collecting all these spirits around the world.
 She disappears.
 And so the story goes like this.
 Apparently back in the day, there was a woman who had a daughter and her daughter in the
 campus drive area was raped and killed.
 And the mom was looking for her daughter, looking for her daughter to save.
 And she had gone mad with grief.
 Everyone knew that the daughter had already been found.
 Her body had already been found by the mother still wandering down the street.
 Where's my daughter?
 Where's my daughter?
 We're like, oh, not this lady again.
 Doesn't she know that her daughter's already dead?
 She's in the crematory, moron.
 She's walking around the streets filled with grief.
 And then she walked down into this goalie, like this ditch on the site of campus drive.
 And the mom never came out.
 That was when she was still alive.
 That wasn't even part of the ghost story.
 That's like the origin, which is creepy.
 We've talked about ditches and their relationship to paranormal phenomenon before.
 I'll put that episode on the show notes.
 And it also has a parallel.
 We covered a long time ago the story of the three-legged lady road, which is kind of
 the same setup.
 A mother is looking for her daughter's body.
 Same thing, the daughter was raped and killed by some sane worshipers.
 And then this ghost was walking around, like chopping off people's legs and wearing them
 or something like that.
 I'm not for sure.
 It's gross.
 I don't remember the details.
 I remember it being quite gruesome.
 I'll put that episode on the show notes.
 Interesting story, ghost story.
 But let's take a look at another ghost story in the area.
 We're now on campus.
 There is Mesa Court Residence Hall.
 This is where all the students are hanging out.
 We're going back to the 1970s.
 So listening to disco music, doing three- I have three legs.
 I'm dancing.
 They're like, dude, how are you doing those moves?
 I got three-legged bell bottoms.
 We're dancing around.
 And we're going to meet a young girl who dancing wasn't just an enjoyable pastime.
 It was her passion.
 It was actually why she was enrolled in college.
 There was this young college student.
 We'll call her Nancy.
 She was preparing for the big dance audition.
 It was the role of a lifetime.
 And she was stressed out.
 She was stressed out, will she get this?
 She has to get it.
 She has to, has to get this role.
 She would practice all day and all night.
 Like, aren't you going to go to your other classes?
 She's like, nope.
 She's not learning, reading, writing, arithmetic.
 She's learning rhythm.
 She's dancing all the time.
 And she had her room.
 She was lucky enough when she got her dorm.
 It was just a single occupant dorm.
 Other people had roommates and stuff like that.
 Other people are starving out their roommates.
 They're like, take that, sicko.
 But while that's going on, Nancy is dancing.
 You'd always see her dancing.
 Sometimes you'd see her dancing in the window.
 Sometimes you'd have the blinds drawn and you would just see her silhouette boogieing
 down.
 One night, someone looks over and they go, up, there's dancing Nancy.
 She's dancing in her room.
 She's actually like spinning around like a ballerina.
 [HUMMING]
 She's spinning around doing the little things you see Nancy Kerrigan do.
 You know, she's now, hold, are you?
 You're making Jeff Dunham references and talking about Nancy Kerrigan.
 She's spinning around like an ice skater, Kristy Yamaguchi style.
 People are like, man, Nancy's got some cool moves.
 If that audition requires you to spin in place for 30 minutes straight, she's going to get
 it.
 She's going to be spinning around in her room and they're like, you go Nancy, spin, spin
 till the world ends.
 Let me start thinking about it and they're like, it's kind of weird that she hasn't vomited
 at all.
 That's a lot of spins.
 It's also kind of weird she's been doing that for close to three hours now.
 So eventually someone knocks on her door, hey Nancy, are you okay?
 Are you trying to create the large Hadron Collider in there right now?
 She's spinning around so fast.
 And so they eventually have a dorm, an RA open the door and it turns out that Nancy could
 not take the stress of the audition.
 So she decided to hang herself from the ceiling fan.
 Save your questions until the end of this ghost story/urban legend.
 She decided to hang herself from the ceiling fan which was on and she wasn't spinning around
 like a figure skater.
 It was her body going whoa, attached to the fan spinning around for hours at a time.
 Okay, here's the thing.
 If you attached, don't try this at home, don't try this at home, you're like hey little brother
 come here.
 If you hung a body from a ceiling fan, you wouldn't spin in place.
 Like it would be flying all over the place.
 It'd be like if you grabbed the rope and was swinging it around the body would be going
 whoa.
 It'd be one thing to be like whoa you have really cool dance moves.
 It'd be another thing to say you're clearly defying the laws of gravity.
 Also ceiling fans can't support body weight.
 I mean she might have been really slender because she's a dancer but and for this to
 make any sense she would have had to hang herself while the fan was on which I have
 never hung myself but I imagine that would just make things even more difficult.
 She hung herself from the fan why would it turn on automatically, why would it spin around.
 Doesn't make sense.
 Interesting ghost story but again both of those ghost stories in and of themselves, they might
 be something I mentioned in passing.
 Why am I spending the last half of an episode talking about these ghost stories?
 Because as I was looking into these ghost stories I found a far darker phenomenon and
 this is being reported by the mainstream media.
 Specifically I found this in a newspaper called the OC Weekly which is an Orange County newspaper
 and this article is written by Charles Lamb.
 It's entitled "Why do so many students commit suicide at UC Irvine's Social Science Plaza?"
 Whoa okay this isn't what I was expecting as I was typing in because I'm trying to verify
 any of this stuff.
 Suicide ghost, UC Irvine and here we go.
 UC Irvine was built back in the late 60s, early 70s and it was designed as this very
 elegant place, very balanced in its construction.
 It was set up to be this just symmetrical perfectly designed location where it was just
 supposed to give you a sense of being, a sense of purpose, a sense of your place in the universe
 and it's just laid out in this very conscious way.
 But added far later, this was added in the 1990s, is the Social Science Plaza.
 It's a collection of five story buildings and it's in this asymmetrical shape, it actually
 kind of throws off the entire area that it's in because you had all of this thought and
 planning put into the original construction of UC Irvine.
 But then you have this, it's like counterclockwise.
 The buildings themselves are asymmetrical and counterclockwise to how it should be laid
 out if you look at the rest of the school and they go it's really weird, the college
 you're kind of wandering around, you're going to these different classes and it's this very
 open floor plan.
 But when you go into the Social Sciences Plaza, it's claustrophobic, even outdoors, there's
 something about it that makes you feel kind of hemmed in.
 They said once you get into the building, it's just very soulless, very just row after
 row after row of these classrooms.
 And most people, even if you're not a Social Sciences major because the way that everything
 is planned out, almost every student who attends UC Irvine has at least one class in the Social
 Sciences Plaza, just for your general ed requirements.
 It's not a pleasant place to be, but you got to be there.
 It offsets the natural design, the very symmetrical nature of the campus.
 You have this building complex and if you're taking the stairs, they have like a staircase
 on the outside of the buildings.
 On each floor, there is a sign that says, "We can help."
 And then it gives you the phone number for the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline.
 According to this article by Charles Lamb, there's been five suicides off of Social
 Sciences Plaza, people climbing up to the highest point of the staircase and falling
 around 50 feet.
 I think it's more than five, not just because I'm a conspiracy theorist, but Charles Lamb,
 which is an excellent article, Charles Lamb details some of the events of these five suicides
 that we know of and only one of them was really recognized around campus.
 He was a very popular kid, apparently, who killed himself and they started having like
 these workshops and things like that.
 The article also talks about a young man known as Maxwell Chorak, he's 25 years old, who
 on June 10th, 2014 climbed up to the highest stairwell and each time you have to pass one
 of those signs saying, "We can help."
 And he dove off and Charles Lamb says, "There was no memorial for this guy."
 Like pretty much like people were shocked, they called authorities, rescue crews got
 there, he was already dead and then the day kind of goes on.
 Like counseling was available and then the life went on at the college.
 If there was only five suicides over the course of 30 years, would you really be bolting up
 those signs?
 I bet you there's more or more attempted suicides.
 Colleges cover this stuff up.
 When I was at American River College, I was a journalist for the school newspaper, we
 had an issue with perverts masturbating in the library.
 Have you ever heard of that?
 It happens at every college.
 I had a friend whose wife worked at UC Davis in the library, she goes, "We actually had
 code names for the different types of masturbators."
 There were so many of them.
 There's so many of them you could actually catalog.
 You could put them in the dewy decimal system or the gooey decimal system.
 Okay, but anyways.
 So colleges cover stuff like that up because it's bad, right?
 You're trying to, a college is a business.
 You're trying to get people to come to the college, pay money, pay a ton of money to
 go there.
 So they're always going to cover up.
 And if they're going to cover up sex crimes, they're going to cover up suicides.
 If they can, what they can cover up, they will.
 It was a huge expose.
 I did, no pun intended, at American River College for the newspaper, the school newspaper
 there.
 But here's my theory.
 Here's my theory.
 I think there is a force pulling people towards these buildings.
 A dark energy that is attracting people who already have suicidal ideation.
 And that is why this has become a suicide tourist destination.
 Case in point, Maxwell, he wasn't even a student at the college.
 Maxwell had no connection.
 He didn't work there.
 He wasn't a student.
 He took a bus there.
 He took a bus from a hospital to get there.
 Just three hours before he committed suicide, he had gotten out of an 11-day forced medical
 hold because he was listed as a danger to himself or others.
 It was 5150 in California, police parlance.
 5150.
 And on June 14th, the doctors allowed him to leave the hospital.
 His 11 days are over.
 And they gave him a bus voucher to go anywhere in town.
 Well, he went to UC Irvine, which he had no connection to.
 When he went to the social sciences plaza, climbed up the tallest staircase, killed himself.
 Is this school actually emanating this negative, life-stealing energy?
 UC Irvine, the campus itself, was built as the result of a suicide.
 My Ford Irvine.
 His family owned a ton of land in Irvine, California.
 In 1959, he shot himself.
 And his niece inherited a good chunk of his fortune and of his land.
 And she donated the land where UC Irvine would be established.
 And that's where the school is where it's at.
 The school wouldn't have existed in the first place had he not killed himself.
 So is the entire area infused with this dark energy?
 Is the fact that you have this magnificently designed and perfectly balanced layout?
 And then you have this gross asymmetrical structure of buildings that juts out from inside of
 it.
 Isn't that almost an allegory for depression itself, for hopelessness itself?
 We see the beauty of the world around us, but we feel ugly and useless and that we don't
 fit in.
 And I listen, I'm not trying to say that there's the only reasons why people commit
 suicide, right?
 But that is one of the reasons why people get horribly depressed.
 There's chemical depression.
 And then there's just like, I am alone.
 I don't fit in.
 I have nowhere to belong.
 And that's what the social sciences, ironically, the social sciences buildings represent.
 You're walking around this opulent open campus.
 And then once you get to these buildings, it feels claustrophobic.
 Just the way the trees are laid out and the way the buildings are there, you instantly
 feel the oppression because it is not right.
 It doesn't belong there.
 But that's where it was put.
 Counterclockwise, asymmetrical, strangulating and ominous.
 It feels like it doesn't belong.
 And yet there it is.
 And no matter who you are or what your major is, you have to attend a class there because
 that's part of the general ed.
 So almost like you're forced to go there.
 You're forced to walk through this gauntlet of negative energy.
 What dark energy does this school possibly hold?
 What type of siren song echoes out from the social science plaza?
 Attracting the desperate.
 Attracting the lonely.
 Attracting those who feel like they have nothing to lose.
 A place born from a suicide.
 Just being more people to join it and making that ultimate mistake.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
