 Are you tired of the hassle of exchanging your propane grill tank?
 Do you hate lugging your tank all the way to the store and back?
 Introducing Cinch, your ultimate solution for propane grill tank exchange.
 Cinch delivers propane tanks right to your door so you can focus on what really matters.
 Grilling up that perfect burger.
 And right now you can get your first tank exchange delivered for just $10 when you use code FUN at checkout.
 Just head to cinch.com today at cynch.com.
 Limited time offer restrictions apply. Visit cinch.com/offer for details.
 As Russian special forces move through Ukraine, we find out what their true targets are.
 Hillary Clinton's Adrenaline Chrome factories.
 And then we travel to China to meet a scientist who one day accidentally swallowed a germ.
 But this wasn't any normal germ. It was a germ that turned him into a bloodthirsty vampire.
 Today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 Hey everyone welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host Jason Carpenter. I'm having a great day.
 Hope you guys are having a great day too. I hope you guys had a great weekend.
 We got a ton of stuff to cover so don't don't swallow any germs yet.
 First off let's go ahead and welcome in one of our Thanksgiving livestream contributors.
 Everyone give it up for young Hemlock.
 Give him a big round of applause as he's summer salting into Dead Rabbit Command.
 Young Hemlock you're going to be our captain or pilot this episode.
 If you guys can't support the show financially I totally understand.
 Just help spread the word about the show.
 Tell your friends, tell your family, tell your enemies.
 As you're crushing them beneath your heel listen to Dead Rabbit Radio.
 Don't kill them because otherwise they won't listen to it.
 But those are also great ways to help the show grow.
 Now young Hemlock I'm going to go ahead and toss you the keys to the Jason jet.
 We're going to leave behind Dead Rabbit Command.
 And we are flying on out to the very subject that no one wants to hear about.
 But some crazy things are going on.
 Young Hemlock take us all the way out to Ukraine.
 The reason why we're flying out to Ukraine is right now.
 If you haven't been to the newspaper in the past couple of weeks.
 Russia has invaded Ukraine.
 They've been there for a couple of weeks.
 They invaded on Christian's birthday.
 The weirdest of all.
 You know what the thing is is like originally I said because we didn't cover the election.
 We don't do politics.
 We really didn't cover COVID either like early on.
 I said you know what people hear about this all the time.
 The last thing they want to do is turn on a conspiracy theory podcast.
 And hear about COVID so we never really touched that issue right.
 We every show often.
 And I was planning on taking the same tact and probably going forward will.
 With the war in Ukraine.
 Because you hear about it all the time.
 It's all over your Facebook feed.
 It's all over the news.
 You want a place to get away from it.
 However.
 I can't turn weird stuff like this down man.
 This stuff is just showing up on the internet.
 I can't turn it down.
 I actually saw a skitso van.
 I saw a photo of a skitso van.
 Those are those vans with all the paintings on it.
 Not like the cool barbarian slaying the dragon and holding the busty winch.
 No it's like stuff on the side of the van that says Stephen King killed John Lennon.
 Stuff like that.
 I saw a skitso van about the war in Ukraine.
 And it said Spetsnaz frees captured kids.
 I was like I don't understand what those words mean individually.
 But what in the world Spetsnaz is Russia's special forces.
 And I saw that on the side of the car.
 No context.
 No context.
 And I was like hmm I wonder if that'll pop up on my radar.
 And it did because I look up conspiracy theories all the time.
 This is apparently what is truly going on.
 The lame stream media won't tell you about this.
 Spetsnaz which is Russian special forces are currently moving through the country of Ukraine.
 And this has nothing to do with geopolitics.
 This has nothing to do with the expansion of Russia.
 No you fool.
 You fool for paying attention to current events.
 Nothing none of that.
 None of that.
 What what the real scoop is.
 Is that Vladimir Putin was pacing around in his palace his building his house.
 I don't know where he lives.
 He's walking around and he goes what are we going to do.
 About all those adrenochrome processing factories in Ukraine.
 And he's been fretting over this for years right.
 He scratches his head.
 He wakes up every night sweaty.
 Only if I could destroy those adrenochrome factories.
 But how.
 I know I'll commit my entire military to going in and this whole war.
 Is about shutting down adrenochrome factories.
 Now if you don't understand what adrenochrome is.
 It is this chemical that apparently you remove from the base of the skull of a terrified child.
 And then you inject it into your eyeball.
 Your eyeball.
 And then you get high or something.
 Here's the thing with the adrenochrome mythology.
 It doesn't make much sense.
 But you take the adrenochrome is a real chemical and it's like decaying adrenaline.
 And you inject it and you either get you either live forever.
 Or you get super high.
 It's addictive.
 It's the reason why Hillary Clinton is always walking around looking like a zombie most of the time.
 Because she's addicted to adrenochrome.
 Not because she's a 70 year old woman.
 And what's so weird about it.
 It was always set up as you would take a child.
 You would scare him.
 Apparently Halloween is the best time to get this adrenochrome.
 You would scare a child.
 And then you would suck out their adrenochrome with a needle.
 And then you would turn it into this drug.
 Right.
 Or you would just inject it straight into your own eyeball.
 Whatever.
 Apparently there's always been a step missing.
 It's not just child.
 It's not just terrified child.
 Hypodermic needle.
 Your eyeball.
 It's terrified child.
 Massive industrial adrenochrome processing plant.
 This was never part of the mythology.
 I mean this was never part of the totally true stuff.
 That you need these giant processing plants that have like just like smoke towers and like armed guards.
 I'm assuming if you were kidnapping kids and taking them to the factory.
 I think you'd want it to be fairly secured.
 Also do you have to follow OSHA requirements when you're at a factory that has terrified children.
 Like how does this work.
 Like are the kids hooked up to these giant pumps.
 Is it a fun factory.
 Maybe there's like a balloon house in the middle of it.
 I don't know.
 You can't keep a kid terrified 24 hours a day.
 Eventually he'll get used to it.
 So maybe they just terrify them a bit.
 And drain them.
 And then they get into the bouncy house after the kids have been scared to death.
 They're like here you go.
 Bouncing around.
 Then you go in the ball pit.
 And then some guards like nope.
 Stop.
 Stop.
 I'm scaring you again.
 Come on kids.
 What a horrible existence for these poor fictional children.
 So anyways.
 That's the adrenochrome mythology.
 Now they have these giant industrial plants.
 Apparently these plants are all over the eastern.
 Apparently just out of coincidence all of these plants are located on the border of Ukraine.
 And Russia.
 And every tactical part that Russia needs to invade is an adrenochrome plant.
 Who would have thought that.
 So Russia is pouring their troops in and sending their special forces into Ukraine.
 Not to take it over.
 Not to set up another public government or whatever.
 No.
 It's to destroy Hillary Clinton's adrenochrome factories.
 So that's where we're at right now with the mythology.
 Vladimir Putin.
 Adrenochrome factories.
 That's the reason behind the war.
 In all this information we're getting from the very reputable website.
 The best website named after a 1990s horror movie.
 Dark Outpost.
 Darkoutpost.com is always keeping us abreast of all of these disturbing allegations.
 Apparently Spetsnaz Russian special forces are moving ahead of the advancing army.
 And they're taking out these processing plants.
 So far they've rescued 100 children.
 They've rescued 100 children.
 They're in these basements under.
 There's no ball pit.
 They didn't mention a ball pit or a bouncy house.
 The special forces are going in.
 They're rescuing these kids.
 But see there's a bit of a conundrum going on.
 Because you're rescuing these kids and some of them are from Estonia.
 Some of them are from Russia.
 Some of them are from Ukraine.
 They're just visiting.
 They just can walk back home after the torture.
 They're like see you tomorrow.
 But there's a bunch of American kids down there.
 There's a bunch of American kids who are kidnapped.
 And Vladimir Putin's like oh no what am I going to do with all of these American kids.
 So Vladimir Putin called up President Donald Trump.
 Who according to this storyline is still the president.
 Joe Biden's like a hologram.
 Or I think they kind of established that he's a hologram or a clone in this version.
 In this version of events that is published every day.
 There is a this guy.
 Think about it.
 Dude as ridiculous as all this sounds a man painted this on his van.
 Right we can look at this and go that's really weird and kind of crass that people are taking
 this current war zone and turning it into conspiracy theory.
 Who would believe this a guy does at least one guy does because he painted his van like that.
 And again I thought he was just a one a single lunatic.
 Darkoutpost.com has a huge reach.
 This is a really big website in this community.
 So they believe that Joe Biden is President Joe Biden is a hologram or a giant.
 Or a giant hologram or clone.
 I always I'm not really for sure on that.
 Vladimir Putin calls up President Trump in Florida which is where the real White House is.
 The non holographic one.
 And he goes hey Trump I have all of these American kids and I don't know what to do with
 them because if I send them back to America Joe Biden is going to get them.
 So can you ensure that you can take these kids.
 And President Trump to his credit says yes if you want to send over if you want to send over
 a bunch of fictional children I will take care of them because Putin I know that you're really
 waging this whole war just to take out these adrenochrome factories that were built by
 Hillary Clinton back during whenever whenever mythical time that Hillary Clinton had enough
 power to do that.
 That's where we're at right now if you've ever been concerned about
 fictional American children getting back home fret no longer.
 Because they are currently headed out to Florida I guess I don't know.
 At a certain point the mythology kind of breaks down.
 Because if Joe Biden is just a hologram then why would you care if he got the kids.
 What's a hologram going to do to a bunch of kids so he's still real I guess.
 Anyways I always wonder if these people read their own information.
 Like because so much of it stops making sense.
 Technically this one never made sense right.
 I don't know why you all of a sudden have to have these huge industrial factories.
 It kind of takes away from that this is a secret drug only used by the elite.
 If they need a city block if they need an entire city block to have this factory
 processing this stuff because people are working there right.
 People are going in for job interviews and they're like yeah I really want to work in
 this factory.
 What do you do and the guys like don't ask that question you're not getting on the job.
 You're like oh and then you're working in the factory and you just see like this these huge
 vats of like red dust being like being processed and you're like huh I wonder what
 wonder what all of that stuff is.
 And then you see like a bunch of little kids walking into a room and you're like uh I don't
 know I really don't know what's going on here.
 They would all have to know.
 You don't ever work at a Ford factory and go do we make cars or do we make toys or do
 we make lollipops like you know what you're making.
 Young hemlock let's go ahead and Tashiki's the carpenter copter we're gonna leave behind
 the darkout post we're headed all the way out to Shanghai China.
 I want to say up front I got most of my information from a website called pandayo.
 That's so ridiculous I don't know why that's any more ridiculous than dead wrap radio.
 I got most of my or really all my information from a website called pandayo.com and there's
 article written by Jeffrey W. so thanks Jeff this is really really entertaining story.
 We're in Shanghai China we're walking down the street it's the fall of 1995 and we're just
 kind of grooving there we're sitting out on a bench now outside of a Chinese laboratory.
 We're eating some popcorn and we're just waiting for the fireworks we're waiting for this laboratory
 story to get started. I guess we should probably be in the laboratory I don't know why we are
 narratively sitting outside because inside the laboratory there is a scientist going by the
 last name of Ling no first name given but his last name is Ling we're gonna call him Joe.
 So Joe is walking around the laboratory in Shanghai and he's looking at all the experiments
 going on he like looks at a beaker and he's like exactly what I expected fluid and a beaker good
 job mark and mark nods and then he walks to the next laboratory and there's like a robot arm like
 picking up a ping pong ball and he's like all right dude great on that AI and the robot gives
 him a thumbs up he's like yeah this is the best place to work and as he's walking through this
 laboratory he's like you know I really enjoy working in this unnamed laboratory in Shanghai
 but my favorite thing I love to do is to go into my own laboratory I don't even know why
 he's doing the tour that's more for us than for him he goes into the tour and there's like a bunch
 of beakers sitting there and he's like ah just show your clear this is what I imagine a laboratory
 or science lab looks like they're just beakers everywhere and he walks in and all these beakers
 have different colors on them there's like a microscope with a little slide and stuff like
 that he's like oh yeah I'm at home in my laboratory what a good place to be and as he's talking he
 doesn't realize that a germ is flying around this is so ridiculous I've spent more time building this
 up here's the start of the story okay this guy named Ling accidentally swallows a germ at a
 laboratory so I don't know if they had really lack security I don't know if one germ can do this but
 he swallows a germ in a laboratory he actually feels the germ go down his throat and something
 starts going wrong with him he does quickly realize this one germ is more than just the average germ
 he's thirsty all of a sudden oh man so thirsty maybe that germ has something to do with this
 so he goes and he's like drinking water mmm go go go go go go go but he's still thirsty he can't
 really figure it out so then he goes to the company vending machine and get some of that Chinese milk
 that I saw in Transformers movie go go go go go go go go go go go go still not quenching his thirst
 and then as he's like looking for maybe like a Pepsi or Coca Cola he's walking past a room
 and he sees a scientist holding up a blood bag and they're like pouring it down the sink or something
 like that and he goes oh that's what I'm thirsty for I'm thirsty for blood but you know it's kind
 of hard to drink human blood if you guys have never tried it it's difficult but luckily he works at a
 research laboratory and they have tons of human blood around so one night he goes in there and
 he uses his key cart and he goes into where the they store all the blood and he starts drinking
 the blood out of the bags mmm this is so good this is what really quenched my thirst it wasn't a Pepsi
 it wasn't a coke it was human plasma that I needed and he begins doing that every night he goes into
 the laboratory he pretends to do regular science stuff he's like hey I need this blood they're like
 I oh I thought you were a germ scientist he's like yeah I want to see what happens if you put
 blood on a germ just quit asking questions and give me that blood he begins drinking the human blood
 he begins demanding it for more scientific experiments and then he runs out because they
 didn't have that much blood right so then he goes oh man I really need to drink more blood what other
 things in this laboratory can I drink so he's like looking at scientists and he's like oh no that
 scientist could probably beat me up and then he looks at another scientist and he goes I don't
 know she looks kind of squirrely she might be able to scratch my eyes out or something like that
 but then he is he's walking through the laboratory apparently there's like a rat
 place where they have all of these rats which is why it's called the rat place and at night he
 begins breaking in and killing the rats ripping them open with his teeth and squeezing them in
 like a gogurt drinking all that blood up but again this laboratory only has a fixed amount of rats
 you can imagine the scientist he's like oh no I have a big experiment to do today I don't want to
 get fired and then he goes in and all the rats are gone he's like oh no oh no what did I procrastinate
 why did I wait until the last day to do my science ah I'm totally gonna lose my job all the rats are
 gone all the human blood is gone nobody's suspecting anything's weird at this point right you would
 probably start to figure wait a second we've everything in this laboratory that has blood in
 it is gone but it must not be something we haven't done an inventory of all of our germs
 maybe a germ's missing we don't know but joe ling is still walking around drinking all this blood
 but now he's out of rat blood he's out of human blood so he starts to go insane he's sitting
 the argument could be made he went insane the second he started drinking human blood
 but now he's truly going insane so at night instead of breaking the laboratory and drinking blood
 he's walking through the streets of shanghai and attacking women clip clip clip clip high heels making
 the sound against a cobblestone street apparently there's streets in shanghai china like the 1800s
 of england click click click click and then behind them and the women turn around in the darkness and
 go what was that and then they see a scientist they see a scientist standing there in a blood soaked
 laboratory coat and she's like oh it's a scientist there's nothing to be scared of then click click
 click and she's walking but then joe attacks her and rips her throat open and drinks all of her blood
 and then goes to work the next day he's not insane so we were like oh we want to suspect this guy
 he's not insane but it's only because he just had some fresh blood so as night continues to descend
 he once again starts to go insane he has to go drink more blood and this crime spree is going on
 for a while and the authorities in shanghai are like oh dude this totally sucks we keep
 him all these women with their throats ripped open this is really bad for the tourist industry
 and for those women we should find out who's doing this so the police begin to walk through the area
 they're trying to find this killer and joe is continuing to stalk and kill these women the police
 aren't catching them and the media is like you have to find this serial killer and they're people
 like we're afraid to go out at night and there is a scientist in the laboratory who's really happy
 and constantly covered in blood and he's like i don't know i'm not a suspect and all this is going
 on and then eventually one night a woman's walking through the park clip clip clip clip
 little high heels on the cobblestone park and then behind the tree it's joe ling and then
 like a couple bushes our police officers all things have converged at this point
 he jumps out from behind the tree to attack the women the police jump out of the bushes to attack
 joe they open fire joe ling turns around and this huge fight breaks out joe begins gutting
 these police officers in the park they thought they could just shoot this guy they were sorely
 mistaken but then but then a sniper from a building does shoot him and kills him so the sniper was
 correct those two police officers with revolvers they were sorely mistaken they were actually
 killed a sniper who was watching from above blows this vampire's brains out kills him
 little germ little germ rolls out of his stomach i'll get you next time little germ high heels on
 a cobblestone street the cops now know that it's joe ling who's been attacking these women
 so now they want to figure out why why is this respected scientist why is this respected scientist
 in a blood-soaked laboratory coat attacking these women so they go back to his house and they find
 his diary luckily he kept a diary i don't know of any adult man who keeps a diary outside of
 like a journal maybe you're on a submarine you have to write stuff like fought an octopus off today
 it was a good day and i know like like on boats they keep journals watch out iceberg
 exclamation point exclamation point exclamation point but most civilians don't keep diaries maybe
 scientists too i don't know but anyways this guy does like a pink fuzzy blood-soaked diary with a
 little key you can't open it without the key and they just break the lock and they start reading it
 and they said that it starts off fairly sane right it's like today i became a scientist i hope this
 works out and then like he writes about finding a new beaker walking down the street is like this
 is my favorite beaker ever and then as they're going through it it's like today i swallowed a germ
 uh-oh this guy would even write in this diary but what's so weird about this is as the diary goes
 on it becomes more and more insane there it becomes the ramblings of a madman which he was he was
 killing women in the street this is an interesting cultural thing too because remember this whole
 story takes place in china and one thing they notice this is really interesting one thing they
 notice as they're flipping through the diary the language changes it starts off in chinese
 because he's chinese this story takes place in chinghai but as he progressively gets more and
 more insane and the vampirism takes more charge of his body the writing turns to hebrou
 that's weird i i think that's one of the most curious details about the story like i wonder if
 in the chinese culture the hebrou language is considered like super weird right super weird
 super esoteric uh that's just an interesting detail i don't think i've come across that before
 we've come across the stories of people going crazy in the diary becoming more and more rambling
 but this one it becomes more and more rambling and then they turn a page and it's like
 mishugana it's like in straight hebrou so then i guess i guess the cops are like we don't know what
 this says these are truly the scribbles of a madman but apparently they got someone who could speak
 hebrou and then the story continues as he became a vampire i don't know if they're and i don't know
 if they're saying he became jewish or if he just was so insane he could only speak hebrou or that
 this that hebrou is like this language of magic and like this forbidden knowledge like the kabbalah
 type stuff i don't know really interesting cultural shift i haven't seen that before where the language
 changes let alone changes into hebrou this is a story a long time ago actually was a long time
 ago feels like forever ago but maybe a couple weeks ago we covered the zombie story of shengdu
 which is a town in china that had a zombie uprising jeffrey w wrote an article that was
 basically the five most famous urban legends in china and this is one of them now he was able to
 find some stuff that may have backed up the story of the zombie of shengdu specifically that a case
 of rabies may have gone around town that a man got rabies and then he bit a pig and gave the pig
 rabies and then the family killed the pig and ate it and then the family got rabies and he goes
 that might have been the start of the zombie story he says i'm not able to find anything that could
 point to the beginning of this urban legend but it's so popular oddly enough shanghai has this
 obsession the city itself has this obsession with vampires pre-pandemic the stuff has stopped
 recently but i'm sure it'll come back pre-pandemic they had a lot of vampire tours of shanghai they
 had vampire parties in shanghai and you go jason that's kind of normal like a lot of big cities
 will have stuff like that yeah maybe but this i mean you'll have big costume parties and stuff
 like this but this city is vampire central in china they're very very vampiric i don't i can't
 think of another word but they do seem to have an obsession with vampires and you don't see that in
 other provinces or other towns in china at least that i could see so whatever the origin for the
 story was the city of shanghai has a long history of really liking the vampire mythos and they have
 these when i say vampire parties i'm not saying a couple buddies down at the local bar dressing
 up from walmart costumes like there are these elaborate vampire parties that were happening
 pre-pandemic so they may be coming back now it's interesting because on one hand the vampire myth
 is so old right you can look at almost any culture of having a blood-sucking fiend
 but this story has a lot of the hallmarks of the western european vampire but some of them
 not right there were this guy could be killed with a bullet to the brain he was able to go out into the
 sun the fact that the writing changed to hebru does link it not to a western european vampire
 but definitely a middle east vampire right so these old legends it's this just kind of combination
 of myths with a shanghai spin on it right coming out of modern age this is 1995 it's starts off as a
 virus out of a laboratory part of me when i was reading this i thought it might be viral marketing
 for that new marvel movie morbius or sony movie whoever in the world's making it but
 it's kind of the same thing a guy accidentally becomes a vampire and then he becomes superhero
 but yeah it's it has like these different cultural influences on it but the vampire itself is such an
 old story you find it all over the place we do tend to look at the western european vampire as kind
 of being the gold standard or the blood red standard of vampires that's the most common one
 but we can't forget that these creatures have existed throughout all cultures and
 i think the reason why they are is because these creatures exist in some form now of course i would
 love it if bubby the vampire slayer and angel was real and like i could run up and stab people with
 wooden stakes and they would disappear they wouldn't leave a body that i'd have to dispose of later
 like if you had to fight supernatural vampires it would be dope assuming i wasn't killed immediately
 but i i don't know i don't think that's true but the idea of a blood-sucking fiend
 it's just too universal for it to be made up but because we focus on the movie versions of it
 one a lot of people just dismiss these legends i've talked before on podcasts
 that i think a war would be the perfect place for a vampire to hunt because you're not doing
 autopsy in a war zone but there's another killing ground that is just as fertile for the vampire
 we'll wrap the episode up like this i was talking to a friend of mine at work
 we were talking about mexican and south american cryptids
 and she told me a story that she had heard as a young girl
 she said there was a family that was trying to cross the border from Mexico into the united
 states now they knew they couldn't do it legally they weren't going to be able to go through that
 process because she had a mom and a dad older brother younger sister and they were going to
 cross the border somewhere between Mexico and the united states and try to find a better life
 up north but as they made their way through the rugged countryside the father realized
 something was following him one morning the family woke up and the father was dead
 he was pale with a look of fear spread across this face
 they don't know how he died but it seemed like all the blood was drained from his body
 the family continues the next morning when they wake up the older brother is dead
 pale a look of terror on his face the mother and the daughter continue to make their way across
 the hostile landscape that separates mexico and the united states and one morning a young girl
 crosses into this country alone
 when she is picked up by authorities she tells them the tale
 i didn't leave alone i left with my family but something out there was hunting us
 and it picked us off one by one i'm the only one left
 so whether it's the story of a vampire hunting lonely women walking down darkened streets
 in the massive city of shanghai or if it's a creature stalking a family searching for a better
 life as they march across the desolate landscape that separates mexico and the united states
 remember this there's nothing romantic about the vampire
 it doesn't live in a dark castle watching the machinations of humanity pass it by
 no it's a predator it's a blood-soaked maniac that hunts down the lonely the lost the desperate
 and takes them drinks their blood and discards them like trash
 the vampire is nothing to be traveled with it is one of the few cryptids
 that is recognized around the world every culture has a version of this creature
 so just remember that the next time the sun sets the next time the world is draped in darkness
 that there is a creature out there that has existed in human stories for thousands of years
 across the world countless civilizations have told the story of a blood-sucking fiend
 just remember that out there they very well may be a creature who is designed to do one thing
 to kill humans to kill you
 DeadRabberRadio@gmail.com is going to be our email address you can also hit us up at facebook.com/deadrabberradio
 Tiktok is @deadrabberradio
 DeadRabberRadio is the daily paranormal conspiracy and true crime podcast
 you don't have to listen to it every day and I'm glad you listened to it today have a great one guys
 you
 you
 you
 when you visit Arizona time is measured in moments not minutes
 like the moment your work stress disappears as you kayak through the canyons
 or the moment you discover the life-changing effects of prickly pear chocolate
 but nothing beats the moment you see the grand canyon for the very first time
 visit a new state of mind learn more at hereuraz.com non-stop and direct flights available
