 August 24th, Lil Baby presents...
 It's only us, Tony!
 Made it at the...
 At United Center!
 I can't get used to it!
 Get ready for an epic summer!
 Lil Baby's IOU Tour has finally...
 Touched down!
 It's Lil Baby, live in concert!
 Featuring the...
 Featuring the...
 Lil' Brillo!
 Glossom!
 Rilo Rodpreer and Honja!
 And Honja!
 I'm the pretty lady of the fun!
 Tickets are on sale now!
 At Ticketmaster.com
 Brought to you by Mammoth Live and AG Touring.
 AG Touring!
 Is it possible that a family of misfits
 Caught upon the power of the slug
 To wipe out their enemies?
 And then we travel down a lonely country road
 To come upon the scene of a terrible car accident
 Which begs us to ask the question
 Does everyone on earth have a guardian angel?
 Or are some people just left to the whims of fate?
 Today on Dead Rabbit Radio!
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio!
 I'm your host Jason Garbender, I'm having a great day!
 Hope you guys are having a great day too!
 Hope you guys are staying warm!
 Cause I'm free!
 See, I'm so cold!
 And I can't run any heaters cause they're too loud!
 So, I'm just gonna complain about it
 As I record this podcast.
 As someone who never complains walking into Dead Rabbit Command right now
 Our newest Patreon supporters
 Everyone give a big warm round of applause for Okulanda!
 Okulanda, come on into Dead Rabbit Command
 Shut the door, shut the door, you're letting the heat out
 Okulanda, you're gonna be our captain or pilot this episode
 If you guys can't support the Patreon, I totally get it
 Just help spread the word about the show
 That really, really helps out a lot
 We also have a merch store
 And I have an Amazon wish list
 If you wanna buy me a book
 If you wanna buy me a spooky book, you can check that out
 But, if you don't wanna spend any money on me
 That's fine too, just spread the word about the show
 Okulanda, I'm gonna go ahead and touch the keys to the Jason Jalopy
 We're gonna turn on the heater and we're gonna hop on inside
 Let's leave behind Dead Rabbit Command
 We're headed all the way out to my house
 *imitates sound of a car*
 It's like right around the corner
 We could've just walked there to waste the gas
 But, we're here, we're at my dumpster
 Is specifically where we're going
 I talked about this on my TikTok
 I posted this yesterday on my TikTok
 But I wanted to go on a more detail
 I was taking my trash out the other day
 And as I was cramming my garbage into this dumpster
 The garbage people haven't come to empty it
 'Cause of the stupid winter storm
 There, luckily, at the top of the trash
 I didn't have to dig through a bunch of chicken bones to get it
 But to be fair, it was in the dumpster
 It did have trash on it
 Was a Mason's hat
 It wasn't like a Shriners cap
 Man, that would've been a cool find
 It's a baseball cap with the Mason's logo on it
 You know, like the compass and the G
 There's a specific term for it
 It's called like the SNC
 Or like the Scales and Compass logo
 Is what it's called
 And I'm looking at it and I'm like, what?
 Is this real?
 Pinch me, pinch me, I'm gonna pinch myself
 No, it's cool, like I do collect baseball caps
 I've talked about it before on my show
 I collect all sorts of hats, but mostly baseball caps
 But here's this Mason's cap
 So I put my garbage in
 And I pulled that one out
 Took it home
 That's the end of the story
 It's not like a ghost of a Mason showed up last night
 Or anything like that
 I just think it's really interesting
 I talked about it on TikTok
 I posted it on TikTok and I made a joke
 I gotta be specific, it was a joke
 That I'm going to wear it so cops don't pull me over
 And then I'm gonna wear it to court hearings
 So the judge will let me go
 The reason why I have to specify it's a joke
 Because apparently, I did some research on this
 It is illegal
 In some states, I haven't checked out Oregon specifically yet
 But it's illegal in some states to pretend you are a Mason
 Isn't that weird?
 Like the law doesn't say you can't be a Mason
 But it does specify you can't lie that you're a member of a group
 And it shows like fraternal orders
 It's one of the ones that is...
 You can't say that you're a Mason
 And not actually be one of those dudes
 So I will say this
 I'll probably end up wearing it because I do collect hats
 And it's definitely a oddity of a hat
 But what it means is that other Masons will come up to me
 Like hide in the bushes in the skull count
 And they'll ask you questions
 To see if you're really a Mason
 And what makes it illegal apparently
 Whether or not they used to enforce these laws
 I found a story from like 1930 of a guy
 Who went to jail for this
 But I mean again it was 1930
 People were going to jail for all sorts of stuff
 But nowadays on the record books
 Like they were saying like Maryland
 You get like $100 fine
 Whether or not anyone actually gets prosecuted for this stuff
 I don't know
 I guess I'll find out soon when I'm doing my
 Just put in jail dead rabbit radio special
 A Mason walks up to you and they'll ask you questions
 Apparently there's some like Mason questions
 And they'll be like "Where's the Jorat on Sunday?"
 And duvety it's the grape level
 Like there's like a code or something
 I don't know any of that stuff right
 So if I'm wearing the Mason cap
 And someone comes up to me and starts asking me questions
 They're like "Where's the bathroom?"
 I'm like "Whoa whoa whoa I'm not a Mason I'm not a Mason"
 They're like "No seriously I have to go to the bathroom"
 As long as I don't pretend to be a Mason
 I guess it's legit
 Maybe I guess I'll find out when I get arrested
 For wearing this Mason's hat
 Yeah cause it's a copyrighted symbol
 It's weird
 But then I thought you know I have that Israeli police hat
 That I bought a long time ago
 I talked about that on a previous episode
 And people would come up to me and go
 "Are you from Israel or are you Israeli?"
 Usually it was other Israeli people
 Who'd be like "No I just bought the hat"
 And they'd always be like "Aww"
 I thought I made a friend
 But I think as long as I don't claim to be an Israeli police officer
 Or claim to be a Mason guy
 But what's interesting like no one
 I never got prosecuted for pretending to be a cop
 When I wore the Israeli police hat
 But the like...
 If I saw someone wearing a Mason's hat
 I guess...let me ask you this
 Would you assume they were a Mason?
 I don't know if I would
 Cause if I see someone wearing like a Los Angeles Raiders hat
 Or LA, what are they now? The Las Vegas Raiders?
 You don't assume their members of the team
 You assume their fans of the Raiders
 Or their criminals from the 1990s
 If you saw someone with a Mason's hat
 Would you assume they were a Mason?
 You're already like "Jason don't even finish the sentence"
 Obviously that's what people think
 Or maybe they're just fans of the Mason's
 Maybe they're fans of the work
 I don't know
 If I see someone wearing a hat that says "Army" on it
 I don't always assume they're in the army
 And if I see someone wearing a hat that says "Swat" on it
 I never assume they're a Swat person
 Because they're standing there ordering Taco Bell at 1 in the morning
 So it's interesting that you don't get prosecuted
 For impersonating a Swat officer
 Or impersonating a member of the Raiders team
 But there might be more of a thing
 I don't think many people who are wearing sports gear
 Try to pass themselves off as members of the New England Patriots
 But if you had a Mason's hat on
 I think the key would be "Am I pretending to be a Mason?"
 Or "I'm just wearing a hat I found in the garbage"
 So anyways, I now have a Mason's hat
 It may show up in a livestream at some point
 Who knows?
 I may end up in prison because of it
 Who knows?
 I guess the future is our oyster
 We will see what happens with my garbage hat
 I'm wondering why the person threw it away
 Did they move out?
 Did someone find it?
 I don't know
 I guess we will find out
 I keep saying that
 I can almost be assured that when I say "Find out"
 Something bad will happen
 Again, either a bunch of Mason's will break in my house
 And beat me up for impersonating them
 Or anything from that to me getting lice
 Because again, I did find a baseball cap in the trash
 But I will keep you updated
 I will keep you updated as to the court hearings
 Or beatings or lice infestation
 Whichever way happens, you will know about it
 Okulanda, let's go ahead and toss you the keys to the Dead Rabbit Dirgeable
 We're going to leave behind my dumpster
 We're going to leave behind a great way to start this episode
 We're leaving behind his dumpster
 We're headed all the way out to the Midwest
 There's this really cool, relatively new subreddit
 Called "The Church of Charles Fort"
 I'll put the link on the show notes
 If you guys don't know who Charles Fort is
 He's the guy, back when was it?
 It was in the early 1900s, he started publishing all these books
 Like "The Book of the Damned"
 His name has become synonymous with weirdness and high strangeness
 There's that magazine "40 in Times"
 The term "40" is basically the steady of the bizarre
 So Charles Fort was one of the very first guys to start compiling records of
 Frogs falling from the sky, mysterious events, fairies, things like that
 That's really, really good stuff
 He's basically the Jacques Valet of his time period
 Just someone who was really enthusiastic about figuring out how the world worked
 And how all this paranormal stuff started
 And there's this new subreddit called "The Church of Charles Fort"
 They're posting a lot of really good stuff there
 I recently just became a mod
 I was recently talking to the guy who started it
 A user going by the name "Cold Black Water"
 And he goes "I just want to cover obscure stuff"
 "I don't want to cover stuff that's been told a hundred times"
 And I was like "Can I help you? Can I please?"
 "Please be a part of your team so graciously he let me be a mod on that"
 And we really want to...
 This will be great, because we need more things like this
 I'm tired of hearing about Bermuda Triangle
 I'm tired of hearing about the same stories over and over and over again
 And this is one of the... I had never heard this story before
 So thanks for posting this and hopefully this subreddit
 We get more great stuff like that
 There is an article written by a researcher named T. Peter Park
 About the Lincoln legend
 Here's the story
 In the late 1890s in the Midwest of the United States
 There's a small town, it's unnamed
 This is a story that T. Peter Park heard himself back in the 1960s
 And it was a friend of a friend who was there
 It was my doctor who knew someone who witnessed these events
 And he was fascinated by this story
 He always seemed to be one step behind of the actual legend
 And no one could ever specify when it happened outside of like the late 1890s
 Or where it happened
 But he heard this story so many times he...
 He had to get to the bottom of it
 In the late 1890s in this unnamed small Midwestern town
 A family of strangers move into town
 A horse comes walking in
 Buggy, like stagecoach stuff
 A dad
 [laughs]
 Go down, slow horse
 Slow horse, time to stop
 And then there's a mom sitting next to him and being like
 "Oh, I guess we're here now!"
 And then in the back of this wagon
 There's a daughter and these two sons
 And they're like stretching, they're like
 "Ah, it's finally nice to be home!"
 And the townspeople are like, "Who are these total weirdos?"
 Because what they're looking at is the Lincoln family
 They all shared these weird characteristics
 They were all...
 The word that's kind of summed up
 To explain all five of them is "frogish"
 They were described as being very "frogish" people
 They were squat-bodied people with ugly faces
 And sickly white skin
 Their eyes seemed to bulge out of their sockets
 And they had broad foreheads
 [laughs]
 Out of all of those, I don't even know why they mentioned the foreheads
 That's fine, I know a lot of people with broad foreheads
 But anyways, like, that just seems like such a de-escalation
 Considering the fact you described them as frogs
 It's not like you're like "And then kids, wait for this!"
 They had really big foreheads
 "Oh, that's so spooky, like, you could've just left that part out"
 And these guys are just kind of walking around town
 And but here's the thing, man, looks aren't everything, right?
 Like, even if you were...
 Even if you did look like an ugly frog
 Whatever, like, maybe you're a really hard worker
 Maybe you're a nice guy
 They weren't...
 [laughs]
 They weren't at all
 So not only do they look like "frogish" people
 They also were very unfriendly
 But, okay, they're unfriendly
 You might be unfriendly too if everyone described you as looking like a human frog
 But it's not just that they were ugly
 It's not just that they were unfriendly
 They also were super, super creepy
 What people would see is every show often
 A member of the Lincoln family would be spotted walking around town late at night
 Looking into windows
 [panting]
 And then disappearing back into the shrubs
 Maybe you're walking with your special girl through town square
 And you see some movement in the distance
 Very frog-like movement
 You're like, "Oh, no, here they come, so you gotta cut your date short"
 You don't even get to first base
 And baseball hadn't even been invented yet
 But what are you gonna do, right?
 They're weirdos and they look weird and they're kind of mean
 But, you know, what are you gonna do?
 Are you gonna run them outside of town just because they're a bunch of weirdos?
 Nah, just let them be
 They're not really hurting anybody
 Well, that was kind of the idea
 But in 1896, one of the Lincoln boys
 Specifically starts stalking the daughter of a prominent local family
 So there's this young maiden, she's sitting there
 Fixing her hair
 It's all curly and stuff and the frog man
 He's not actually a frog man
 But this Lincoln, we'll call him Charlie
 Starts stalking the young daughter of a prominent local family
 But stalking is just not cutting it anymore
 He's tired of just hiding in the bushes
 Staring through the window while she's sleeping
 He wants the real thing
 So one night he tracks her down
 And rapes her and murders her
 And it sounds like, okay, that's enough
 We shouldn't have even let it get this far
 But it's done, so they lynch the kid
 There's no trial, it's the 1890s
 They chase him down, he was hiding out the lagoon
 He's sitting on the lily pad, no one will suspect that the frog person is here
 They grab him, they lynch him, it's over with
 At the young man's funeral
 The Lincoln family is there
 As well as other town officials
 For some reason, I guess they're rubbing it in
 They lynched him, they murdered him
 I don't know why they're attending his funeral
 We'll always remember that the great time we had
 Hanging you
 As they're at the funeral, the father of the clan
 Of the Lincoln clan curses the town
 The whole town will regret this
 How dare you kill my son who raped and murdered that woman
 How dare you?
 And then he had this slug in his hand
 And he throws the slug at the dead girl's father
 And says, "This, this is your doom!"
 And the family storms out from the funeral
 Now that would be horrible, right?
 I mean, like all of it
 All of it getting a slug thrown at you on your birthday would be awful
 But getting a slug thrown at you
 Being cursed by the father of the kid who raped and murdered your daughter
 It'd be awful in any situation
 Anyways, I just imagine like this slug hitting the dude
 And just kind of tumbling down his clothes
 And being like, "Uh, if that's the worst you got then I'm not worried"
 But it wasn't the worst they had
 What happens shortly afterwards
 Is the dead girl's father is found dead
 And shortly after that
 The girl who'd been raped and murdered her own brother is found dead
 But it wasn't just that they were dead, it's tragic
 It was how they died
 Both the father and the brother were found squished
 Just pulped, they were just so pfft
 Like all over the place
 They're all goode, right?
 And not only were they basically turned into pie filling
 They were covered in slime
 So you have two bodies that both look like someone stepped into a bowl of raviolis and kept walking
 And then you have like this slug-like slime covering them
 So...
 That's alarming, right?
 And people immediately think that the Lincoln's had something to do with it
 Then the townspeople start to see the dead Lincoln boy
 Walking around town
 Everyone knew what he looked like
 Cause he was constantly looking in their windows
 He's seeing around town and what's...
 That's alarming, right?
 So now we have a revenge
 We have a sluggy revenge
 We have a possible ghost, a revenant, walking around town
 And people who see him start to go insane
 So the townspeople are like, "Enough's enough"
 They could have kicked him out when they first showed up, but we had opened hearts
 We should have kicked him out when they started stalking people, but we didn't
 We should have kicked the rest of the family out when one of their sons brutally assaulted this young woman
 We got this family members turned inside out
 And now people are going and saying, "What else will it take?"
 They march to the young man's grave now
 To make sure that he's actually dead
 And when they're walking towards his grave, they notice something
 There's a set of footprints headed the opposite direction from his grave
 So the idea is that he got out and he walked away
 But they just walked past that, they still gotta know for sure
 They opened up the grave
 His body is not in it
 Shortly after that, the Lincoln's moved away
 They left town, which is what the townspeople really wanted in the first place
 But they just kept letting this problem prolong
 Ever since then, every natural disaster that befalls the town
 The Lincoln's are blamed for it
 Natural disasters, droughts, floods
 It's all blamed on the Lincoln curse
 Very very interesting urban legend, it's actually super detailed for an urban legend
 But we had, it's pretty original for an urban legend as well
 Urban legends for the most part are universal, the Phantom Hitchhiker
 You'll find that everywhere
 The story about the baby, please stop bringing this up
 The story about the baby in the microwave
 Very common urban legend where the babysitter takes acid
 I was talking to Stuart Meatball
 He is a long time listener of the show
 And he lives in Scotland and I asked him, "Is that an urban legend in Scotland?"
 He goes, "Well, an interesting difference
 Acid apparently isn't as readily available in Scotland as it is in America
 Heroin is the drug of choice, it's very cheap
 So in their version of the story, the babysitter does heroin
 And accidentally puts the turkey in the bed and the baby in the oven
 So we have those details, this story seems so regional
 And what's fascinating about it is the story exists
 The story is not some fictional account that was made up
 It existed at one point and people told it to each other
 But it's always, let's say T. Peter Park heard this story back in 1966
 When he was at the University of Virginia
 And he was always told it was this town, it was this other town it was happening in
 It's never the town you're in
 It's my uncle knew a woman who heard this story before
 Because she grew up in this town
 Or her grandpa grew up in this town
 There's always this weird connection but it's never where you're at
 It's never the person you're hearing it from
 Really, really interesting urban legend
 And it's existed for enough that when T. Peter Park was investigating it
 Not only was he finding other people who had heard of the story
 But people were falsifying documents, people were actually trying to mislead him
 People were actually falsifying documents, writing fake letters
 Because he was really searching for this and people were like
 "Oh yeah, I have some letters from my grandpa's trunk or something"
 And he sent these to this researcher and they turned out to be fake
 Because where does this even come from?
 It's really, really interesting, the article is quite long
 I really wanted to focus on the urban legend itself
 But I'll put in the show notes, the article to show the investigation he did
 To try to figure out what part of the story is true, where it came from and things like that
 But in the end, spoiler alert, he's never able to find out any more information than he really had in the beginning
 That being, there's a story of a family called the Lincoln's
 Who came into a town and tragedy befell all the residents of this sleepy, unnamed midwestern town
 Very, very interesting urban legend
 You have to wonder, is it one that did have some truth to it?
 Because going back into the 1890s, this is such a regional story
 Parts of it may have been in the local news
 But if that newspaper went under, if that newspaper stopped publishing at a certain point
 They would have no archives for us to go back to
 Maybe this is one of those stories, that there are elements of it
 That's true, a weird family came into town
 Their son assaulted someone and the son was lynched
 That stuff unfortunately happens, not him getting lynched
 He shouldn't be assaulting and murdering people
 But it's interesting because this could be one of those stories that does have a lot of truthful elements in it
 But over time it's become monstrous and supernatural
 Either way, it's pretty much lost the history at this point
 It's always creepy when you have stories about vengeance from beyond the grave
 But the person coming back to wreck vengeance is actually the bad guy in the story in the first place
 So it's like he was evil in life and now he's even more evil in death
 And there's no stopping him
 Because how do you kill something that's already dead?
 Okulanda, let's go ahead and toss you the keys of the carpenter copter
 We're leaving behind this small Midwestern town
 The Lincoln's are throwing slugs at us, we're like run run run
 Let's get out of here, we're leaving behind this town
 We're headed all the way out to another unnamed location
 This story is not an urban legend, but it is a story
 A lot of times when people post things online, they don't want to give away too much information
 A lot of times people don't want to put information in and they think it may lead back to them
 So I understand that I would like this information, but I understand that
 I found this online, it was written by someone who goes by the name "Proof Test 4150"
 We're going to call him Terry
 We're going to call him Terry, but if that's accurate it's just a stab in the dark
 It's a really interesting story and I want to jump into the meat of it
 In 1998 Terry is driving down this country road
 And he's sitting in the back seat and then you have the driver and the passenger up front
 Both friends of his and they're coming up to a four-way stop
 But I can't believe people still do this or ever did it
 Some idiots thought it would be funny, clever, I don't know what it is
 They removed the four stop signs
 So now you basically are just waiting for people to die
 This is not a funny prank, it's super dangerous
 They removed the four stop signs
 And Terry and his friends are driving down this road and they come to this intersection
 They just get T-boned by this other car going 60 miles an hour
 Now Terry comes to and he's covered in his own blood
 He's sitting in the back seat, he's covered in his own blood
 He says that he had been unconscious for about 30 minutes
 I don't know if that's the case
 I think that's a long time to be unconscious
 I think simply getting T-boned by another car going 60 miles an hour is going to distort your sense of time
 But whatever the thing is, he's sitting in this car, he's covered in his own blood
 And the driver of his car, his friend, is in so much pain he can't even speak
 He's just kind of making these noises
 And Terry's sitting back there and he's like, "Oh my god, what is going on?"
 Like, you know what's going on but you're still in shock and his buddy is just kind of groaning
 And his other friend, Terry's other friend is outside of the vehicle pacing back and forth
 Now this story again takes place in 1998, so we don't have cell phones
 I mean they existed but they were so rare
 You don't have cell phones, you're out in the country
 It's almost like you just gotta wait
 Maybe send someone to a nearby house to make a phone call
 If you have that wherewithal, there's a lot of people in shock
 You're just kind of waiting, it would be awful
 And at this point, the driver starts screaming
 So now what things have gotten worse, right?
 Your poor buddy up there is in so much pain he can't even do anything but gurgle
 And now he's screaming and Terry's sitting in the back seat
 And that's when an older man walks up, it wasn't like Methuselah or anything like that
 But older than these guys were, these guys were like in their early 20s
 This dude walks up and asks Terry, "Hey, do you need anything? Do you need any help?"
 And in a state of shock, Terry obviously needs some help
 But he's like, "I think my friend's dying, can you help my friend? Can you help my friend?"
 This older man who's in his 40s is standing outside the car and goes, "Yeah, do you want me to pray with you?"
 "Do you want me to pray for the driver with you?"
 And Terry's like, "Yeah, please"
 So they begin to pray and this man is just kind of consoling Terry and keeping him comfortable
 And everything's going to be okay, you're going to be okay, and Terry's just distraught
 And he's worried more about other people than himself
 This man stands there the entire time talking to him
 Even when the firefighters finally show up and they have to cut Terry out of the car
 The car is so mangled up he can't get out on his own
 They have to cut him out of the car, the man is always just standing there
 And then after Terry is removed from the car, the man just kind of leaves the scene
 Weeks later, weeks have passed now and everyone's fine, everyone's totally fine
 The friend's still screaming weeks later, "Hey everybody, how's it going?"
 A couple weeks later the friends get together and they're kind of talking about what would happen
 Because what else would you talk about, right? This is kind of going to be your main subject for a while
 They start talking about everything that happened and the two friends are like, "Hey Terry, you know, we've been meaning to talk to you"
 "We went for all the blood to get cleaned up and us to be helped from the hospital"
 But what was up with you in the backseat?
 And Terry's like, "What are you talking about?" And they're like, "Well, I was busy screaming because I was in so much pain"
 And this dude was outside walking around the car trying to figure out what to do
 But you were just in the backseat just kind of mumbling to yourself
 So what are you talking about? I was talking to that guy who came up to the car
 And that's the two friends kind of licking each other and we're like, "Yeah, you keep saying that"
 And you said it then, "You keep saying thank you sir, thank you for staying with me"
 There was no one there
 There was no one there this whole time
 We don't know what you were talking about
 And Terry starts to think, "Whoa, is that like a guardian angel or did I just suffer massive brain damage?"
 Like, what was that? He knew the guy was there, he knew for a fact this guy was there, but
 Fast forward 20 years
 Terry never forgot what this guy looked like
 It was a pivotal moment in his life, it was a stranger who stayed with him until he was okay
 In one of the scariest moments of his life, the stranger stayed with him
 But one day Terry looked in the mirror and the man stared back at him
 He realized this man who would come to the car, I should have described earlier, I shouldn't have described it, it looked like
 Here, pretend this happened, the man walked up to the car and he had a shaved head and a beard
 So now I'm too lazy, clip that out and put that in the episode somewhere
 Terry's looking in the mirror, over the years he ended up shaving his head, he's like, "Ah, you know, I'm gonna go for this cool Jason Statham look"
 And over the years he said, "You know what, I wanna be like Kratos from God of War, I'm gonna grow a big old beard from the new versions, from the PS5 versions, I'm gonna grow a big beard"
 And so one day he looks in the mirror with this shaved head and his beard and he looks up and he goes, "It's you!"
 He realized that the person outside of the car was him from the future
 And he finishes off his post with this quote, "I know it seems strange that I didn't recognize myself, but I look so different now than I did back then"
 "When I recognized the man in the mirror as the man at the scene of my wreck, I was genuinely overwhelmed with emotion"
 "I'm certain it was me"
 It's an interesting story and let's put on a conspiracy cap to wrap this up
 What it basically does is it turns the idea of guardian angels on its head
 It's a guardian angel story with a dash of time travel
 And it makes you ask the question, is it possible that guardian angels are us from the future?
 Now not everyone recognizes their guardian angel, but very famously there's that episode that I did and this was a viral video
 There was a man standing there and someone walked by him and tapped him on the shoulder
 And when the guy turned to look, there's this massive gate swinging towards him and the dude jumps out of the way
 And they never knew who the guy was who tapped him on the shoulder, it was really weird video
 And you have to think, if that guy had not tapped him on the shoulder, he would have been grievously injured by this swinging gate
 I'll put all that in the show notes, but...
 Usually that's how guardian angels show up
 So we have incidents like that where we can't prove it's them in the future, but when we look at the story and the guy's adamant
 This guardian angel was myself from the future, what does that say about guardian angels?
 Are they us from the future? Are they... is it some sort of mental time travel or spiritual time travel?
 No one else saw him there
 No one else saw him there
 Is it possible that his own consciousness reached in to the past to have this conversation with him?
 Because the Terry in the future remembered how tragic the event was
 So when the event happened in the timeline the future Terry was remembering the event and manipulated the memory
 Fascinating fascinating story you can really play around with this when I say time traveler
 I'm not necessarily mean bleep-blop bloop. We're sitting in a machine and
 It takes them back to that event it could just be the consciousness the spirit
 Existing in two points in time at the same moment and what I find
 Intriguing about this conspiracy theory is when we talk about guardian angels
 The question I always have is how come everyone doesn't have one
 How come for every video I can see of a guy
 Dodging death because of a warning from a stranger. I watch another video of four people pushing this metal structure down the road and
 they hit the power lines and
 Like they were pushing the structure. This is real video
 Unfortunately, they were pushing this metal frame down the road and had these four long poles on it and the poles were tall enough
 To touch the power lines and I'm watching this video and it's for people being electrocuted to death
 Because they hadn't they had misjudged the height. They probably never even thought of that
 So where was their guardian angel?
 Like there's video after video after video and even not on video. There's scores of people who die in
 All sorts of ways either bizarre ways like the one I described are just fairly mundane ways
 Where's their guardian angel and it could be that guardian angels aren't this external force
 They're us there's something in us that's stretching across the timeline
 That would explain why not everyone has a guardian angel because if you look at the idea of angels themselves these messengers of God
 There's trillions of them
 Like numerically, I don't even think you can count them
 They I know what demons they say there's 10,000 demons her every finger on the hand of every human
 So that's a lot demons and demons are one-third of the amount of angels
 So I I that those are estimates that have been put out by theologians
 And there's definitely more than enough angels to for every human to have a guardian angel or hundreds of thousands each
 But they're not there a lot of people die in avoidable ways is the phenomenon of the guardian angel
 Different than angels as we know them the guardian angel is actually yourself somehow you're able to
 Expand your consciousness so it defies time and space. Is it something you can train?
 Is it something you can prepare for is the story of Terry just a fluke?
 Is it a result of massive head trauma?
 But if that was the case, how would he know what he was gonna look like 20 years from now?
 It's a bizarre story and it may lead us down the path of finding out what the truth is behind the phenomenon
 No one has guardian angels
 Maybe when you are at your lowest point
 Maybe when your back is against the wall, maybe when your life depends on it
 The only person you can count on
 To come to your aid is yourself
 Dead rabbit radio at gmail.com is gonna be your email address you can also do this up at facebook.com/dead rabbit radio
 Tic-toc is at dead rabbit radio
 Dead rabbit radio is the daily paranormal conspiracy and true crime podcast
 You don't have to listen to it every day. I'm glad you listen to it today. Have a great one guys
 *Music*
, this is the story of a daughter
 of handstands lemonade stands and first-courseages and that perfect driver's license picture
 Travelers, this is Carlos. Someone just hit my car. Is everyone okay? Are you safe?
 It's also the story of an insurance company that believes people always come first if it matters to you
 Travelers insurance will help protect it travelers. It's better under the umbrella
 Speak to an independent agent today
