 - Charlotte, main of God here.
 I can't wait to see you
 at the Black Effect Podcast Festival
 coming to you live on Saturday, April 22nd
 at the Pullman Yards in Atlanta,
 hosted by myself and Jess Halaak.
 If you haven't gotten your tickets,
 what are you waiting for?
 The Black Effect is bringing some
 of the hottest podcasts live,
 like the '85 South Show,
 "Horrible Decisions," and "Big Facts" for one day only, okay?
 For inspiring podcasters, we've got you covered.
 You don't wanna miss the Black Effect Podcast Festival?
 Make sure to get your tickets today at blackeffect.com.
 Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.
 - A voyeur is checking out a woman on a beach,
 and then the unthinkable happens.
 And then we take a look at the story of Gary Wilcox,
 a 27-year-old farmer tending his plot of land in 1964,
 Newark Valley.
 What started off as a normal work day,
 turned into an interesting case of interplanetary trade
 today on Dead Reborating.
 - I don't wanna sleep down.
 Actually, I'm a walk-in-down.
 - Hey, everyone, welcome back to another episode
 of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host Jason Carpenter.
 I'm having a great day.
 Hope you guys are having a great day too.
 We're gonna go ahead and get started with this.
 Jump right into it.
 Both feet down the whole of story.
 I don't know where I'm going with that.
 Anyways, anyways.
 The year is 1995.
 It's August 26th.
 It is a hot day in Newburg Beach, Kentucky.
 A perfect day to go sunbathing.
 And on this day, there is a man watching a woman
 with a telescope.
 So he's quite a ways away.
 His motives may seem a little weird.
 Well, okay, let's call Spade a Spade.
 It's definitely not something you should be doing.
 There's a dude with a telescope
 watching this woman sunbathing.
 Doesn't know the woman, never met her before in her life.
 Just sees an attractive woman
 catching some rays on the sand from the sun.
 Okay, you're so set in the mood.
 Seagulls flying around, crabs.
 Those are the little, you're not typing.
 Those are the little, what are those like claws?
 A little claws.
 And Heather Teague is sunbathing.
 Just another young woman looking for a tan.
 Oh, you get it.
 It's been set up, okay.
 A man sitting there in his house on his patio
 with his telescope watching this hot young woman
 catch rays, okay.
 I don't know why, the scene is set up.
 The scene is set up.
 The sun was setting, no, I'm just joking.
 Okay, but he's watching her with a telescope
 and then he sees come out of the bushes.
 So the beach, I guess I should have built the scene up
 some more.
 There's the beach, right?
 And then on one side of the beach is the water.
 How beaches normally work.
 And on the other side of the beach is like a forested area.
 And this dude, this unnamed dude,
 his name is not reported in any of these stories.
 And this is a true story.
 This involves the cops very, very quickly.
 This guy's watching this woman through his telescope
 and he sees the kind of the brushes start to rustle.
 And he notices a man walk out of the forest behind her.
 Now that wouldn't be anything too suspicious
 because it's a public beach.
 You don't get suspicious every time someone walks
 into a public beach.
 You're like, oh no, a couple of cops.
 People every time a car parks, you're like, oh no.
 You see someone come out of the forest
 coming onto the beach.
 Not super suspicious.
 This guy though, was had no shirt on.
 Again, that's not a red flag.
 It's not a red flag for a beach.
 He's wearing jeans, but he was also wearing
 a mosquito net over his face and a wig.
 And the guy in the telescopes watching this
 and now he's really suspicious.
 'Cause he's like, what in the world?
 And he watches, now he has his telescope on this guy.
 He just walks down the beach very calmly,
 walks up behind Heather, pulls a gun out,
 grabs her by the hair, drags her off into the woods.
 Now this isn't, I actually had a story idea
 similar to this real life event.
 Because what happened, my story idea was this.
 A guy was breaking into women's houses
 to videotape them while they were sleeping
 'cause he's a voyeur.
 And he breaks into one woman's house.
 And that's all he does.
 He just videotapes them while they're sleeping.
 And he breaks into one woman's house.
 And while he's videotaping her while she's sleeping,
 he sees this demonic figure crawl up
 on the other side of the bed and he runs away.
 And the next day, the woman is found murdered.
 Now he has a dilemma because he's a criminal.
 He's committing a criminal act.
 But then he saw something and plus,
 since he had broken to her apartment,
 he's kind of a suspect.
 They're looking for his fingerprints.
 Like they have his fingerprints and stuff like that.
 But he's trying to convince this other girl
 that he also did this to, 'cause he doesn't stop doing it.
 He still keeps breaking into women's rooms,
 trying to convince her that she's also in trouble
 'cause he also saw the demon.
 So in her room.
 So it's one of those things where he had a problem
 and his problem led him to discovering a worse problem.
 And then it just kind of goes on from there.
 So the dilemma is if you're a criminal,
 if you're committing a criminal act
 and in the commission of a criminal act,
 do you see a worse criminal act?
 How do you go about reporting that?
 This guy, he could probably say,
 "Hey, I was just looking at the beach with my telescope.
 I wasn't peeping.
 I wasn't doing anything inappropriate.
 Both hands are on the telescope."
 And the officer is probably like, "What, everybody?
 Like we just want to know what this suspect looked like."
 Because she went missing, completely missing.
 And what was interesting,
 again, this took place back in 1995.
 This crime gets spotted
 'cause you have a peeping tom with a telescope
 and the police start searching the area.
 They end up finding out that another guy
 was videotaping crop vandalism.
 He was having problems with crop vandalism,
 which I think might actually be a code word
 for crop circles.
 He's getting straight up signs aliens walking around.
 But he was videotaping the area for crop vandalism.
 Actually, he was probably just videotaping sunbathers,
 but that was his excuse.
 But he caught footage of a car parked next to Heather's car.
 And the cop said, "Listen, that's a long shot,
 but we'll start looking into that."
 They started looking for that car
 that was parked next to Heather's car
 that day on the beach.
 They end up pulling this man over
 who had a matching car.
 It was a routine traffic stop.
 His name was Marvin Dill.
 Marvin Dill.
 And when they start searching his car,
 routine traffic stop,
 but they were, they did have,
 were keeping a lookout for this red on white Ford Bronco.
 They find two guns, two knives, duct tape,
 rubber gloves, rope,
 and they found some hair that looked like Heather's.
 So they go, "Okay, this might be our guy.
 "They actually end up letting him go
 "because they don't have enough to hold him."
 And then when they go back to his house,
 he tells his wife, he sees the cops walking to the driveway
 and he tells his wife, "Hey, why don't you leave me alone
 "for a while and I got some business to take care of."
 And he shot himself.
 And that was it.
 That's it.
 No one's ever found Heather's body.
 No one has ever found who did it.
 It was, you know, most likely Marvin Dill, but.
 Weird story, but I think the most interesting part of it is
 how when you are in the commission of a crime,
 how can you, I shouldn't be so harsh
 on the guy with the telescope.
 He might not have been as perverted
 as I'm making him out to be.
 He may have been an upstanding citizen
 who just wanted to see what the soil of a beach
 looked like with the telescope.
 But the point of the matter is at a certain point,
 he had to make a phone call and say,
 "Hey, officer, I was watching the beach.
 "I had my telescope on backwards.
 "I was trying to look at boats, but I don't know how to use it.
 "It was my first day and I saw this horrible adduction."
 And it's also interesting to think because you would think
 if something bad was happening to you,
 if someone could like, if you were being assaulted
 or something you would hope that someone was watching,
 someone could intervene.
 And nowadays that's pretty much the case.
 You're surrounded by video cameras pretty much everywhere.
 But even when someone's watching the action live,
 you may still disappear off the face of the earth.
 Someone's looking at a crime committed against you
 and you get dragged off into the woods
 and never seen again.
 It's just weird because you think that
 as long as someone can see me,
 as long as someone can see me, maybe I can get help,
 but you can still disappear off the face of the planet
 while someone is watching you through a telescope.
 Disappearing in the middle of the woods,
 that's one thing, disappearing on a lonely trail is one thing.
 But disappearing in full view of somebody
 is quite, quite chilling.
 So let's go ahead and move on to our next story.
 Let's go ahead and move on to our next story here.
 Now our next story is an interesting one.
 It's one that is actually dismissed
 for the most part in UFOology.
 So one of those stories that has some of the similarities
 of what you hear from a UFO story,
 but it's not very widely talked about,
 it's kind of considered a hoax.
 And I'll tell you why.
 I'll tell you why it's considered a hoax.
 I have some mixed feelings about it,
 but I don't think it's the out and out hoax
 that mainstream UFOology says it is.
 Maybe I'm just being a contrarian.
 Let's go ahead and dig into the story of Gary Wilcox.
 The year is 1964.
 We're leaving Kentucky, we're leaving the beach,
 we're leaving the sunny sunny beaches
 for the sunny sunny farms of New York City.
 There are farms in New York, well, the farms,
 sorry, not New York City, New York State.
 We're in Newark Valley, that's the place we're at.
 It's 1964, it's April 24th,
 it's 10 a.m. in the morning
 and Gary Wilcox is driving his tractor
 (imitates engine revving)
 around his farm.
 He actually has it attached to a manure spreader,
 so it's just like (imitates engine revving)
 just shoot manure out everywhere, not everywhere.
 It shoots it out in organized columns
 to help the crops grow.
 It's not like going on the neighbors.
 Dennis the Menace didn't invent it,
 but he has this manure spreader hooked to his tractor,
 he's driving around his property, spread a manure.
 And he sees off in the distance a shiny metallic object.
 It's quite big, 20 feet long, four feet high,
 15 feet wide, it looked like a, just a big object.
 And it firstly thinks, is that a fuel tank?
 Like, or did a plane land in my field?
 Like, he couldn't really make out what it was.
 So he drives over his manure spreading tractor
 over to this object.
 (imitates engine revving)
 Pulls up, doesn't skid,
 there's nothing to skid on, it's dirt.
 He hops out and he notices that it's not a fuel tank,
 it's not a airplane, it's something he's never seen before.
 He said that it looked like a metallic egg,
 a shiny aluminum colored metallic egg,
 with no rivets, no seams in it, just one thing.
 Now that's a very common in UFOology.
 It's funny that because Earth technology
 is even our most advanced stuff,
 like you can see seams in it,
 there are, here's where the pieces of metal
 have to fit together, it always,
 people always note when they discover this alien technology
 that it seems like it's just one piece of metal.
 Which I personally don't find that,
 I don't find that impressive.
 Like maybe it's because I'm not like a metal worker man,
 but the fact that something's made out of one thing of metal,
 I would, that wouldn't be what shocked me.
 What would shock me, I wouldn't really look into that detail,
 it was hovering, it was hovering off the ground.
 That would be my first giveaway that it was a UFO,
 not that I couldn't see any rivets.
 I will say this though, Gary,
 27 year old Gary Wilcox did something
 that I have not seen in any of my UFO stories
 that I've been doing for this show,
 or really any that I've read ever.
 He sees a ship, it's hovering slightly off the ground,
 he notices there's no rivets, there's no seams,
 it's this perfectly molded piece of metal.
 It's most likely from either another planet
 or the dimension, something like that.
 It is not of this world,
 and Gary Wilcox walks up to it and kicks it.
 Which is something that I think a farmer would do,
 but I think, I've never read that before.
 I've never read someone seeing a UFO
 and walking up and giving it a good kick.
 Like it was a tractor tire,
 like he was trying to figure out
 what the air pressure was in it.
 He kicks the ship, and that causes two aliens
 to come out of it.
 So now you're like, oh, this is dope.
 Like imagine if you were walking through the city
 and you saw a nice car and you're like, that's weird.
 Never seen this make a model of a car, it has no seams.
 And you just kick the side of the car
 and a bunch of metallic gangbangers crawl out of it.
 That's where I thought this story was going, but no.
 Something weirder happens than that.
 So these two aliens hop out
 and they're described as four feet tall.
 So that's kind of the size of a gray alien.
 But he said they were covered in head to toe metal.
 They weren't robots.
 He never classified them as robots.
 But he said from foot to head, they were wearing a space suit.
 I couldn't see their faces.
 They just looked like these people
 who were wrapped in aluminum foil, soft aluminum foil.
 Very shiny metal people, but not metal.
 Like there he assumes that there were aliens
 inside these suits.
 They hop out of the UFO
 and they're carrying a tray of material.
 Space material, you ask?
 No, actually.
 On this tray, I wouldn't recognize these things
 when maybe the last four, but the first one,
 the aliens jump out of the UFO.
 They're holding a tray that has alfalfa on it.
 I wouldn't know that if I was eating it.
 It also had roots, soil, leaves and brush.
 So it was a collection of earthly materials on this tray.
 And he says we just stood there staring at each other
 for a couple of minutes.
 And he was terrified.
 He was absolutely terrified of what was going on.
 Now these aliens are watching him
 and he's watching these aliens
 and he's looking down at the tray they're holding.
 And most likely they got this stuff from his farm.
 They're basically stealing stuff from his property.
 He's terrified to death.
 He said the first thing the aliens say to him
 on this warm April 24th,
 is it warm in April in New York?
 On this regular April 24th day, 10 a.m.
 Right now it's probably like 10, 10.
 But anyways, the aliens look at him and they go,
 don't be alarmed.
 We have spoken to people before.
 And I'd be thinking,
 I don't care how many people you've spoken to.
 I don't care if you do in Tony Robbins seminars.
 I'm terrified.
 You're right in front of me.
 You guys are four feet tall.
 You jumped out of a spaceship and I can't see your faces.
 I don't care how many people you've talked to.
 But for whatever reason,
 this actually calms Gary Wilcox down.
 And he says, he goes, this is the weird thing.
 This was an actual quote, I'll read his quote.
 Their voices did not sound like a voice I could describe.
 I could understand what was said,
 but cannot tell whether they were speaking English or not.
 So that's kind of interesting thing.
 It could be some sort of language,
 assuming any of this is real,
 but with modern translators that we use,
 you'll hear the person speak in their native language
 and then you'll hear them speak in English.
 I think, I think those have been invented, right?
 Those exist, right?
 It could be also some sort of telepathy
 or something like that, which is really common with,
 it's an other common theme with UFO stories.
 We have the ship with no seams.
 We have the possible telepathy.
 They can easily communicate with us.
 But then we start to get to a couple things
 that really deviate from normal,
 quote unquote, normal UFO stories.
 But there's one particular fact that makes people go,
 this story is 100% a hoax or 99% a hoax.
 And that's why it's not really talked about in UFOology.
 He starts, the aliens start a conversation with him
 and they ask him, so what are you doing here?
 And he's like, I'm a farmer, this is my farm.
 And they go, what's that thing there?
 And he goes, this, this right here,
 that's my John Deere tractor.
 And they're like, oh, interesting.
 What's that thing on the back?
 He's like, oh, that spreads out manure.
 And the two aliens look at each other, they go,
 what is this manure you speak of?
 And he's like, oh, I mean,
 do you want the Cliff Notes version?
 You want me to really tell you what it is.
 It's a big old pile of poop,
 much pile of poop mixed in with some nutrients.
 And then I put it in this fancy-dancy machine
 and it just shoots it out everywhere.
 Dennis the Menistyle and the aliens are like,
 oh, that explains the smell.
 And they discussed his job for quite a while.
 They talked for a total of two hours,
 according to Gary Wilcox.
 He talked to these aliens for about two hours.
 Didn't get any farm work done talking to these two aliens.
 And one interesting fact is that the,
 usually it's the person saying, where do you come from?
 Are you here to declare war?
 Are you here to help our environment?
 Stuff like that.
 The aliens were asking the human questions.
 So that's one thing that you don't normally get
 in these stories.
 The aliens are actually more curious about him verbally
 than he's asking them questions.
 They do offer some information though.
 They say, the reason why we're asking you
 all these questions about farming,
 the reason why we have this tray of stolen alfalfa,
 soil, root, stuff like that,
 is because on our planet, we live on a rocky planet
 where organic substances don't really exist.
 We can't grow anything on our planet.
 So we're fascinated by the fact that Earth has these,
 just minerals lying about,
 these organic materials lying about.
 So we're gonna take these back,
 run a bunch of experiments on them.
 He's like, that's fascinating.
 They also gave an interesting,
 this is a really, really interesting comment.
 And it explains a lot about UFOs.
 And again, it's a shame that the story
 isn't more widely accepted.
 The aliens say, you know, we have a real problem
 with your guys' environment.
 Our ships cannot operate where there's pollution,
 where there's a lot of automobiles,
 where there's a lot of exhaust in the air.
 Our ships can't fly.
 That's why we fly in rural areas.
 That's why we're mostly sighted out in farmlands.
 Now, that's so interesting
 because it answers two questions.
 It answers two big questions about modern UFO stories.
 One, why do UFOs always sighted by country bumpkins
 in the middle of nowhere?
 Because their ships can only fly out there.
 If you fly over LA city,
 like the Battle of Los Angeles,
 that was a hoax, it wasn't a hoax,
 it was just a mass hysteria event.
 It would explain why they're mostly seen in farmland areas
 is because that's where their ships are able to fly
 without any interference.
 Two, and I've been harping on this forever.
 It explains the idea of aliens coming down
 and telling us we gotta change the environment
 and stuff like that.
 If we keep doing stuff to an environment,
 it's gonna doom us.
 And we've gotten this huge wave of hippie aliens
 showing up for the past 30 years,
 talking about the ozone layer and nonsense like that.
 This could be why.
 It's nothing to do with the fact like,
 oh no, humanity, if you keep putting carbon
 in the atmosphere, you'll die off.
 It's not that, it's that their ships won't work.
 If we keep polluting the planet,
 they can't keep coming down here to get our resources.
 Or eventually, if they ever do decide to do
 like a full scale colonization invasion,
 if their ships can't fly,
 there's gonna be a very short term invasion.
 So it answers those two questions,
 why they're always seen in middle of nowhere,
 why aliens would care anything for our environment at all.
 'Cause if you can build a spaceship to fly around,
 you could easily build artificial environments,
 Dyson spheres, whatever.
 If you can build a spaceship,
 you can build a desalination plant.
 If you can build a spaceship
 that can bend the rules of the universe,
 you could easily go, oh, here's this two by two box
 that you press it, it cleans your atmosphere.
 But if their ships can't even get here
 because the pollution gets so bad,
 that makes more sense.
 So it answers those two questions,
 but eventually he goes, hey, can I hit your ride
 with you guys?
 Which is, again, this kid is quite bold,
 walks up, kicks a UFO,
 and then asks for a ride on said UFO.
 And the aliens, I mean, they've been talking for two hours,
 they got to know each other, probably exchanged phone numbers,
 maybe a little flirting was going on there.
 But the aliens said, you know what, dude, that'd be cool.
 But where we come from, the atmosphere's really, really thin,
 so you wouldn't be able to breathe.
 Basically like, sure, you could come,
 hang out on our spaceship,
 but once we land, you will die.
 So they said they couldn't do that.
 And they went on and on, and then he finally said at the end,
 he goes, hey, you know what,
 you guys are really interested in manure, right?
 And they're like, oh, that's a nice way
 to wrap up this conversation.
 Yes, we are interested in your earth manure.
 He goes, I can go get you a bag.
 I can get you a bag of manure.
 Give it to you, you take it back to your spaceship.
 And the aliens go, (sighs)
 we don't have time.
 Like, if you, by the time you get back to your farmhouse
 and get back here, 'cause it was like a 300 acre farm,
 he goes, we gotta go, dude.
 Which seems weird that they talked for two hours.
 And then when he said he just needed to go get some manure,
 all of a sudden they had to leave.
 Which, to be fair, if I was hanging out at someone's house
 and I was having a good time, we were talking,
 and then he goes, hey, man,
 you wanna take some manure home with you?
 I would be like, it's time to go.
 But anyway, so the aliens get in their ship and it goes,
 oh, oh, actually, they get back off the ship.
 They gotta deliver one more message.
 They jump off the ship and they say,
 hey, we're gonna tell you something.
 We're gonna tell you something.
 John Glenn, you know astronaut John Glenn and Gary,
 he's like, yeah, yeah, totally, totally no.
 They're like, okay, that was weird.
 You know John Glenn?
 There's also an astronaut name, Virgil Grissom.
 He's a U.S. astronaut and Gary Wilcox,
 yeah, I kinda know him.
 And then they said two Russian astronauts.
 They don't say the names in the reports, but,
 so John Glenn, Virgil Grissom and two Russian astronauts,
 the aliens say they're going to die within a year
 due to exposure from, quote, the elements of space.
 And then they get back on their spaceship
 and Gary Wilcox is like, oh, that was creepy.
 And the ship goes, (whooshing)
 it just disappears, flies off so fast, you can't see it.
 Now, Gary has just wasted two hours,
 I guess it's not a waste to have interstellar communication,
 but Gary has spent two hours of his day
 in the middle of the field talking to either aliens
 or figments of his imagination.
 But he says, you know what?
 I'm gonna get them that bag of fertilizer.
 So he goes back to his farmhouse.
 He actually continues to do his duties.
 He ends up loading a 75 pound bag of manure,
 drives it back to the spot where the spaceship landed,
 and throws it down and goes home.
 And he says the next day that bag of manure was gone.
 Dun, dun, dun.
 Now, the reason why we know about this
 is because he did call the police afterwards.
 He said, wait, which is, it's funny
 because who would you call?
 Like, it definitely, you would think,
 well, that was kind of cool,
 hung out with some dope aliens,
 you know, talking about alfalfa and manure for a while.
 She told me a couple astronauts were gonna die.
 That might be a national security problem.
 But you also figure, at the end of the day,
 it would be the same thing if any foreign government
 just happened to land in your yard,
 talk to you for a while.
 Eventually you would probably wanna alert the authorities.
 He alerted the authorities,
 then it got, then the UFO community got wind of it.
 And apparently he was offered a bunch of money
 for exclusive rights to his story and he turned it down.
 So people have said he probably wasn't
 a financial motive in this.
 But the reason why, let me talk about the prophecy
 here real quick, 'cause that's not why UFOologists
 disregard this story.
 So let's look at that prophecy.
 This story took place in 1964.
 The aliens said within a year,
 John Glenn, Virgil Grissom,
 and two Russian astronauts were going to die
 due to exposure from space.
 Within three years, John Glenn didn't die then.
 John Glenn was still around.
 But within three years, Virgil died in a Apollo.
 I think it was the, it was some Apollo mission
 where the capsule burnt up.
 Him and two other American astronauts
 were cooked to a crisp in this reentry capsule.
 Or maybe it was on launch.
 But anyways, they died.
 And then there was a Russian astronaut
 named Vladimir, of course.
 He died in 1967.
 He died on the exact date, April 24th, 1967,
 three years to the day.
 Now, so their prophecy was not true.
 Which if we want to be skeptical
 and say none of it was true, then of course.
 That was just statistical.
 That people in a high risk business
 were going to die doing that.
 So you could just write that off.
 I would say if you believe this story,
 the reason why the prophecy could be wrong,
 and I don't really know if it's a prophecy
 as much as a warning,
 but it could be wrong because our space suit technology
 at this stage in development
 was better than that alien's race.
 So when they first started shooting people off
 to their moons, they were dying of exposure to space.
 But we had a better system, so we weren't dying
 because of all those elements up there.
 If we're assuming the story is true,
 that is a way to work around the prophecy.
 So if it's a hoax,
 you should never include prophecies in your hoaxes ever.
 Unless it's a thousand years from now.
 If you're ever planning on pulling a hoax,
 if you're ever planning on having a vision
 or something like that, never set a date.
 Never set a date.
 It'll always backfire.
 Even if you think it's 100%.
 But that's not the false warning,
 the warning that turned out not to be true,
 is not the reason why UFOologists don't believe this,
 because people still believe in no dramas,
 even though his dates constantly change.
 There's a particular fact that I left out of this story.
 So let's say you were listening to the story this whole time
 and you thought, this is fascinating.
 And I do think it's fascinating,
 even with this particular fact.
 But I'm telling you this story,
 I left out a key detail.
 And it's the reason why UFOologists
 don't believe a story.
 And it is the dumbest reason to not believe this story.
 The aliens said that they come from a planet
 where organic matter doesn't grow.
 They come from a planet with a thin atmosphere.
 They come from a rocky planet.
 And they told Gary Wilcox the name of that planet.
 That planet's name is Mars.
 Because the story takes place on the planet closest to us.
 It has pretty much been dismissed by modern UFOologists.
 Because they say, well, there are no aliens on Mars.
 If he had said they came from the global globs system,
 if he had said they had come from nine planets
 beyond the eighth veil,
 this story would be more entrenched in the lore.
 The first documented case of voluntarily trading
 with an alien species.
 Well, they didn't give us anything,
 but we gave them earthly materials.
 This would have been one of those stories that went around.
 But because he named it as Mars,
 and people go, well, there are no aliens on Mars,
 it's impossible.
 It gets brushed to the side.
 And I find that fascinating because one,
 if you believe in things like faster than light travel
 and the government's covering up,
 why wouldn't you believe the government
 is covering up life on Mars?
 If you look at Mars and say that's a dead planet,
 you could say, well, maybe there's aliens
 in the middle of it.
 Maybe there's aliens in the cave system.
 Because if you're gonna believe in something as,
 this is just, I mean, let's just say,
 if you're gonna believe in something
 as ludicrous as aliens to begin with,
 why stop there?
 It's so bizarre to me.
 I believe in aliens.
 I don't think they come from other star systems.
 I would find it far more likely
 that there were aliens inside a cave system in Mars
 or some other place in our solar system.
 I would find that infinitesimally more,
 is that a word, infinitesimal?
 I would find that far, far more likely
 than them coming from Alpha Centauri
 or the Draco Star Cluster or whatever.
 That is just ridiculous.
 Absolutely ridiculous.
 If you're gonna expend the fuel
 to get from all the way from there to come here,
 you're not picking Alpha Alpha.
 You're not picking up cows, okay?
 I don't think they come from that far away.
 I've said this before.
 I think they're already here.
 I think they're coming from another dimension
 or they're with our local star system,
 i.e. our solar system.
 That just makes more sense.
 But because the idea of aliens from Mars is such a joke
 that people just disregard it out of hand.
 And his story has really been considered a hoax
 for decades because of that one word, Mars.
 If aliens were gonna come from anywhere in outer space,
 they would come from someplace relatively close to us.
 If they're breaking the laws of physics,
 then they're fairies and they're angels and they're whatever.
 I mean, you just have to look at it realistically like that.
 And to me, that actually makes it more exciting
 to think that aliens are already here.
 Like they traveled here four million years ago
 and they're right underneath us
 or they're just shifting from one dimension to another
 and they can pop up anywhere.
 I find that's far more intriguing
 than a space empire across the galaxy
 'cause who cares about that?
 To think that there are next door neighbors
 and they're picking our vegetables and taking them home.
 I find far, far more interesting.
 But modern ufology disagrees with me.
 They really have, it's the same thing with bigfoot people.
 They have this rigid ideology that anything,
 they don't like to be contested.
 It has to fit that ideology.
 If he had said any other planet,
 this story would be regarded in a different way.
 You have to wonder how many other stories out there
 are likely stories that are intriguing,
 have these interesting little tidbits of alien life
 and the motives of why aliens do the things they do.
 'Cause it's really a story,
 really explains a lot about why aliens do the things they do.
 And they just get buried
 because they don't fit the dogma of the UFO community.
 Researchers going over reams and reams of data
 and they come across these stories that just don't fit.
 It's like a religious text.
 This is what the UFO lore is.
 And anything that doesn't contribute to the overall arc
 that the people, the powers that be in the UFO community
 want it to be, they get pulled out.
 Like the Council of Nicaea putting the Bible together.
 We do the same thing with UFOology.
 This story doesn't fit the overall narrative, tear it out.
 This story doesn't fit the overall narrative, tear it out.
 These five do put them in,
 even though they add nothing to what we know
 about why UFOs and aliens work.
 They add nothing.
 They only reinforce what you want us to think about that.
 UFOology has long been rumored
 to not be a collection of crackpots,
 ex-military officials, politicians,
 and people gazing up at the sky.
 It's long been rumored to not be controlled by those people.
 The Bigfoot community, a bunch of weirdos.
 The Paranormal community, a bunch of weirdos.
 And I'm including myself in those groups.
 With the UFOologists, there's always been a rumor
 that it is not being controlled top down
 by the weirdos with a passion
 for unidentified flying objects.
 That it is being dictated by the governments of the world.
 Who use weirdos?
 Who use ex-military officials?
 Who use whistleblowing politicians?
 They're all part of this power structure.
 You don't ever hear that.
 You don't ever hear that the government
 is interfering with Bigfoot investigations.
 But you often hear
 that they're interfering with UFO investigations.
 And you'll also hear some of the top names in UFOology
 being named by others as disinfo agents, as shills.
 As people who are put into power,
 either have their books pushed more
 or their personal UFO organizations pushed more
 by an overseen body by a controlling hand.
 And when that happens, and I don't know if that's true,
 I don't know if that's true.
 It's just long been a rumor
 that the top weirdos, the top weirdos of the UFO community
 are disinfo agents, the gatekeepers of UFO lore.
 The most likely explanation is there is no
 rumored group controlling UFO mythology
 because there are no UFOs, that it's all optical illusions.
 And what people are seeing is something
 but they're not aliens from another planet
 or another dimension or anything like that.
 It's another phenomenon.
 That's the most skeptical, rational answer.
 But to people who see UFOs and people have seen aliens
 and things like that, that answer doesn't wash.
 And then we have people like Gary Wilcox.
 People who tell their story and it becomes a hoax.
 It becomes a joke.
 It becomes disregarded because everyone knows
 there are no aliens on Mars.
 If it was a hoax, it was a very costly one
 for Gary Wilcox.
 His farm ended up going out of business
 because the large stretches of land
 would no longer grow vegetables.
 He also had to get treated reportedly, reportedly.
 He also had to get treated for radiation burns
 because of his close contact to whatever it was
 that was out in his field that day.
 In the end though, he did leave the farm
 and became an accomplished mechanic.
 And there's been rumors that his mechanical abilities
 were given to him by his contact with the aliens.
 I don't know if that's true.
 He may have always been a gifted mechanic.
 But his story ends on a high note.
 Yes, he did have the radiation burns
 and yes, his business had failed,
 but he did much better in his later years.
 But his story didn't.
 While his personal life may have had a happy ending,
 his story has been relegated to be in another joke,
 another little hoax.
 And it's time to move on and look towards
 the quote unquote, legitimate alien stories.
 The stories that match the narrative
 that somebody wants us to believe.
 The saying never was, I want to believe.
 The saying actually is, I will tell you what to believe.
 And you will believe nothing else.
 DeadRabberRadio@gmail.com is gonna be your email address.
 You can also hit us up at facebook.com/deadrabberadio.
 Twitter is @deadrabberadio.
 DeadRabberRadio is the daily paranormal
 conspiracy truth crime podcast.
 You don't have to listen to it every day.
 But I'm glad you listened to it today.
 Have a great one guys.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
