 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of... nope, that's not true.
 So I forgot to inform you guys that Vampire Week was actually the end of season 6, then
 I was going to take a week-long break.
 But I didn't, and then I thought, well, you know, I'll just record another week's worth
 of episodes after working three jobs.
 I just didn't have time to do the research to prolong this season for an extra week.
 And that was my bad.
 Sorry about that, guys.
 But I don't have... I don't have episodes for this week.
 I don't have any episodes for this week.
 Now, again, I thought about I could bust out five more episodes, but I don't think they...
 I think they would be pretty lackluster.
 I think they'd be really rushed.
 So they just didn't get any research done.
 So there we go.
 So it sounds kind of dour, I get it.
 This isn't the end of... This is actually kind of a depressing update.
 This isn't the end of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 This is a normal thing.
 You've listened to the show for a while, I take a break every 50 episodes, and we're
 there right now.
 We're a couple episodes shy, but...
 So yes, no Dead Rabbit Radio this week.
 Sorry, guys.
 I'm probably going to make this little more upbeat.
 Maybe I'll put some, like, upbeat music underneath this so it's not so depressing.
 But maybe not.
 I'm also super tired.
 And we got some new Patreons, but all the dress shows are in an actual episode.
 We're kind of lame to address them just during an update.
 But all my Patreons should be getting a special little surprise shortly.
 Very, very shortly.
 So I will be back next week.
 What is that?
 September...
 I don't even know what today is.
 Today's the 7th.
 We'll be back September 15th, 16th, that week.
 So next week!
 See you guys soon.
 And watch out for vampires.
 And see if I have enough effort to go find some funny music for you.
 Probably not.
 Probably not.
 Have a great week, guys!
 That isn't a good outro.
 I'm going to have a great week off.
 I hope you guys have a great week as well.
 See you later!
 Bye!
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
