 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio Classics where we listen
 to an older episode with some new info, a new little back end apart.
 I used to do them in the front, but then you took forever to get to the episode, I couldn't
 reference anything and I saved them till the end.
 This was an episode super early in the run of Dead Rabbit Radio Episode 122.
 When I first started doing the episodes, I set them up with a 3 digit code, 001002.
 And I thought that seemed a little audacious, right?
 I was like, what?
 You're going to put out that many episodes?
 We're getting ready to break the code, we're getting ready.
 We're what?
 80 episodes away from 1000 episodes, but episode 122 is way back in the Dead Rabbit
 catalog and it's an important episode for Dead Rabbit Radio.
 It really is.
 It's one of my favorite episodes.
 For a couple reasons that'll come apparent when I talk about it at the end, but yeah,
 this again, I want to profile it because this episode going forward was a make or break
 moment for Dead Rabbit Radio.
 So everyone sit back and enjoy episode 122 of Dead Rabbit Radio, Thomas Dick and the
 22 trillion alien theory.
 A crusty criminal, a cat that defies all odds.
 And then we take a look at the life of a man who tried to blend Christianity and science
 with hilarious results today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host Jason Carpenter.
 I'm having a great day.
 I hope you're having a great day too.
 We got a lot of good stuff today.
 I did want to make a quick note.
 I've tried recording this part on a couple different podcasts.
 I always have to edit it out for time.
 Let's see if we survive now.
 First episode of the podcast, I watched the trailer for Hereditary for whatever reason.
 I thought it was a good idea at the time while I was recording the podcast.
 My complaint was that everyone said it was the scariest movie since The Exorcist and
 I've been fooled before with like the Babadook and it follows and all this new wave of artistic
 horror movies like this millennial artistic horror movie genre, whatever you want to call
 it.
 So, well, the trailer looks good.
 I'll give it a shot.
 I gave it a shot and my initial instincts were right.
 The movie was not scary at all.
 The movie is basically about, I mean, this is really dumbing it down, but it's about
 a demon with a nut allergy.
 What?
 A demon possesses a girl.
 Either the demon has the nut allergy or the demon possesses a girl with a nut allergy.
 The girl eats nuts, then she can't breathe, so she sticks her head out a car window and
 the driver goes too close to a power line and knocks her head off.
 And then the next 40 minutes is people crying over this poor girl who got her head knocked
 off and then at the end of the day a bunch of old naked people show up and the demon's
 trying to get into the girl's brother and the old naked people are standing in like
 all the corners of their house, full frontal, by the way.
 If you ever want to see what a 70 year old naked man looks like, watch Hereditary.
 She jumps out of the window, which was the most believable part because that's how most
 people would get away from a bunch of old naked people.
 And then the demon possesses him and he goes into a tree house and they give him a crown
 at the end.
 Two hours long, by the way.
 Two hour long movie.
 Beautifully shot, but very schlocky plot with a lot of like drama put into it to make it
 feel like a heavy movie.
 So here's my recommendation.
 If you're looking for a movie that, if you're looking for a movie that has a schlocky basic
 plot but wants something more, there's an independent film that came out a couple years
 ago called Resolution.
 Two brothers go into the woods, one has a heroin addiction, the other one is there to
 help him kick the heroin addiction.
 They're in a cabin in the woods and there's something out there.
 Very schlocky basic plot, but the way that it's handled, it's a really good, tense,
 fun horror movie.
 And it makes you think afterwards, it's one of those movies that you're like, "Hmm,
 you kind of think about it for a couple days."
 Resolution, if you're in the mood for something that I think is far superior to Hereditary.
 Okay, so now that that book's been sealed on that movie, let's go ahead and get started
 with the episode.
 So we have a couple stories today.
 Two of them are from New News.
 Now I know people are probably like, "Yes, you sold that from PewDiePie."
 And I have to say, I don't know who PewDiePie is, so I do actually.
 I watch this channel all the time, but anyways, it works.
 It works.
 So, oh yes.
 First off, we're gonna talk about...
 Now you know, I've had this issue before where, hypothetically, hypothetically speaking,
 let's say that I'm a criminal.
 Now if I was a criminal in the 1970s, I would be like, "Oh, I just gotta wear these gloves.
 Can't leave fingerprints.
 That's how they're gonna catch me."
 And if you were a criminal in the 1700s, you'd be like, "Better not stand here at this crime
 scene so they don't catch me."
 So it's like crime detection has changed over the centuries, basically.
 First they did blood typing.
 They'd find the blood and they'd be like, "Hmm, this guy has A negative blood."
 Round up everyone who has A negative blood.
 And then it became fingerprints.
 Well, maybe the fingerprints came first, actually, but I mean, they had these progression of
 techniques and it's his arms race where the criminals commit crimes and they don't ever
 really know.
 When you commit the crime, you're doing it on the basis of the evidence-gathering techniques
 they have then.
 You don't know what's coming down the pipe.
 You're a serial killer back in the 80s.
 You're not really thinking about DNA.
 In 1983, there was an arm-grott--okay, and actually, here, let me back up again.
 I know that was an exciting beginning.
 I think this story takes place in Britain because these articles, again, are from 2004.
 The reason why I think it takes place in Britain because they refer to an armored car as a
 caravan company, whatever that is.
 I'm assuming it's an armored car.
 And the reason why I'm assuming that is because it had 38,000 pounds in it, so that's like,
 I don't know, 30,000 bucks.
 But anyways, back to our action scene.
 Shooting out with this caravan.
 I just think of Lawrence of Arabia, but give me the gold, give me the gold.
 Put it all in there.
 Apparently, leprechaun.
 They're stealing from leprechauns.
 So these criminals, they rob this caravan in 1983, and they get away with 38,000 pounds.
 And the dude's running away, and at one point, he takes off, he had a stalking, which, you
 know, like a pantyhose over his face to disguise his face.
 Again, it's 1983.
 They weren't really thinking that much.
 Put pantyhose over his face to disguise it, and at one point, he pulls the pantyhose off
 of his face.
 He probably left the ones on his leg still, but he pulled the pantyhose off of his face
 and kept running.
 Now we're in the year 2004, which is where my new news folder comes from.
 And the detectives, I can imagine a single detective has been staring at this piece of
 pantyhose for the past 20 years, but he's looking at it, and he goes, "Dude, this thing's full
 of dandruff.
 Let's see if we can get some DNA."
 And they did.
 The guy had, I guess, bad dandruff, enough dandruff that's noticeable, and they pulled
 some of the dandruff off, which is, you know, skin flakes, so it would have DNA in it.
 They tested it.
 20 years later, he got arrested for this crime, for this main robbery.
 And you know that at that point, he's probably like, "I've already spent the money," and
 he was doing whatever else, and he's sitting there, and he's like, "Man, I really should
 have bought some head and shoulders."
 That thing popped in his head for a second.
 "I really should have bought some dandruff shampoo, but I didn't.
 Why am I having that thought right now?"
 All of a sudden, army guys, or probably more likely police, break into his house and arrest
 him.
 Convicted because he had dandruff.
 So, and, I mean, so he never could have predicted that.
 He never could have predicted that.
 If he did, he probably should have worn two pantyhoses, one to keep all of his dandruff
 in, and the other one to disguise his face.
 Or simply don't take your mask off until you get home.
 That's another pro tip.
 Interestingly enough, this happened in 2004.
 He got sentenced to 15 years in prison, so you know what that means.
 He gets free next year.
 That's a great thing about doing news from decades ago, because it seems oddly relevant
 sometimes.
 Okay, next, new news.
 Very short one.
 I just thought this one was adorable.
 2004, if you could have guessed.
 There was this family in Russia, and they're like, "You know what?
 We should do...
 Let's go on a vacation."
 The family's like, "Yay, where are we going?"
 And they're like, "Siberia."
 So for whatever reason, they go to Siberia to visit.
 What is there?
 Shuts?
 And caribou?
 And a giant impact crater from an airburst meteorite?
 And gulags?
 Siberia.
 If you lived here, you'd already be home.
 Like, who wants to go there?
 Anyways, they vacation to Siberia.
 They go sit at the side of a frozen lake.
 It's a wasteland.
 But anyways, so they're in Siberia.
 Maybe they like skiing.
 I guess it's probably good for skiing.
 I imagine it's flat though.
 I always imagine Siberia was just a continent-wide plain.
 Are there mountains over there?
 I don't know.
 Anyways, this family from Russia decides to go further east.
 They go to Siberia and they bring their little cat.
 They bring Kuzya.
 "Hey, Kuzya.
 Let's go on this vacation to this horrid wasteland that we used to send political prisoners
 to."
 So they're there.
 And it's sucked.
 The people were fine with it.
 They stayed there for about three weeks.
 But Kuzya was like, "I'm out.
 Do this place totally blows."
 It's like super cold and it's dry.
 And I'm pretty sure there's a house made out of toothpaste over there.
 I don't like this.
 I don't like this at all.
 But they just heard him go, "Rawr."
 And he like jumped off their lap and he ran away.
 So they looked for him for the three weeks.
 They're like, "Kuzya.
 Kuzya."
 And he didn't come and they're like all sad.
 They're like, "Well, it sucks."
 I mean, again, lesson learned.
 Don't go to Siberia for your vacation.
 But eventually their time ended and they had to go home.
 They were like, "Well, our vacation's over.
 We have to go back home to the West Russia."
 So they leave and they leave little Kuzya there three months later after they leave.
 They hear it.
 Are there a door and they're like, "What?
 Did you buy a new cat?
 No, I'm still getting over Kuzya disappearing in the wilderness."
 They open the door.
 It's Kuzya.
 Kuzya walked 1,300 miles across Siberia to get back home.
 That's how much he hated Siberia.
 He could have just been like, "Eh, I'm just going to lay here or I'll build a new home
 here or meet like a nice cute cat woman."
 No, he's like, "Screw this.
 I'm going home."
 He walks through Siberia.
 When they get him, they notice that he had lost weight.
 His claws were basically turned to little nubs.
 Like they had been completely filed down.
 He had meat, animal meat in his teeth.
 Supposedly animal meat.
 I don't think they took it to the DNA lab.
 The article said he had flesh in his teeth and he had a couple bite marks on him.
 But other than that, he was totally fine.
 Little Kuzya.
 Imagine hating some place that much that you would walk 1,300 miles to get out of it.
 I don't even think I would do that.
 I'd probably walk 10 and be like, "You know what?
 Maybe I can start a new life here."
 I'd probably walk two and do that.
 Sad ending to the story though.
 The story is from 2004, so little Kuzya most likely has passed away by now.
 But if you're in heaven, Kuzya.
 I hope it's warm and sunny and is opposite of Siberia as you can get.
 That was an EVP.
 Kuzya's contacting us from beyond the grave.
 Okay.
 The next story I want to talk about, I was going to talk about yesterday, but I ran out
 of time.
 And I think it's an interesting story because it kind of hinges on that conflict between
 religion and science.
 Now the conflict's been going on since the first nerd picked up a textbook.
 We're going to look at the life and times of a man named Thomas Dick.
 No.
 I will say this.
 I found out about this guy because I was prepping another story and I was like, "Oh, that's
 interesting.
 A Christian philosopher/scientist."
 And I was like, "Oh, I'm going to look into this guy."
 I'm kind of scrolling through my phone, looking at it at work, and then I just started laughing.
 First off, let's address his last name.
 Now I am not so immature that when I see a guy with the last name of Dick, I immediately
 think of penises.
 I saw his name.
 I'm like, "Thomas Dick."
 It didn't even occur to me.
 I'm like, "Oh, you know."
 I started reading the article and it's like, on Wikipedia, it was like, "Thomas Dick was
 born in this year."
 And he was doing this.
 And then it said, "He worked at his father's linen shop.
 His father made like, wove clothes or something like that."
 I guess I should preface this.
 This starts off in the 1700s.
 This is mostly late 1700s, early 1800s.
 It's like the father had this linen shop where he made clothes.
 His father's name, this great Christian philosopher, would go on to be this author, this influential
 author.
 His father's name is Mungo Dick.
 Mungo Dick.
 And I laughed out loud when I saw that.
 Now that's when I was like, "Okay, let's break down Mungo Dick here for a second.
 One, it makes it sound like he has a huge dick."
 If you go, "Dude, that's a Mungo Dick."
 You don't think, "Oh, that must be a Scottish name."
 You're like, "No, that means dude has a big dick."
 Now to be fair, when these guys were around in the late 1700s, early 1800s, Dick didn't
 mean penis yet.
 But it does now.
 So when I'm reading an article and there's a guy named Mungo Dick in it, I'm gonna laugh
 out loud.
 Secondly, and again, I know that Mungo is, oh, and by the way, Mungo means beloved in
 Scottish.
 So basically his name is beloved dick.
 But I get that Mungo is a Scottish name and it's like probably a little racist for me
 to make fun of it.
 But when I think of Mungo, I think of a eight foot tall, brute, golem-esque, not golem from
 Lord of the Rings, but like big stone dude, Solomon Grundy dude.
 That's who you think of, you think of a henchman.
 You think of a lunk, guy named Mungo.
 Imagine growing up in a house with a guy named Mungo.
 Again, you guys are like, "Jason, this is a..."
 So I'm trying to read this article now after having this vision of this lurchin henchman
 just standing behind this young boy and I just couldn't focus anymore.
 So Thomas Dick was, I just imagine this giant like Mungo.
 Mungo no like science.
 Mungo like God.
 And then Thomas Dick's like, "But dad, you have to understand, God made science."
 And Mungo's like, "Whoa, head hurt."
 And I imagine that was pretty much his childhood life.
 And you go, "Well, that might be an exaggeration, but it's not really because he wanted to
 be a scientist because he saw a meteor one day."
 And so he's reading all the books he could even when he was in the linen shop.
 Mungo's like crashing through the shop, throwing books around.
 Make yarn, make yarn.
 And so, anyways, so Thomas Dick, because he had no support from his parents early on,
 he actually made his own telescope.
 He got like some eyeglasses and ground down the lenses.
 I think that story is probably a bit apocryphal.
 I don't think that story actually happened.
 But it would be awesome if it did, just to give something for Mungo to destroy.
 He's like, "No, I think."
 He's like, "Dad, no, I worked on that."
 "Ugh, only see with real God eyes."
 Anyways, by the time he was 16, his parents kind of started to warm up to the egg.
 Because I guess I should have said this before Mungo destroyed the shop.
 They were Christian.
 They were like, not like super crazy Westboro Baptist Church Christian, but they were devout.
 So when their son was like, "Oh, look at shiny stars.
 Maybe that's like a rock from another galaxy."
 Mungo's like smashing through the wall.
 So anyways, but by the time they're 16, they're like, "Ugh, I mean, ugh, science may be okay."
 And then Thomas is like, "Yay."
 Anyways, so he starts to like really get into this science stuff.
 Now what's okay?
 He becomes a teacher.
 He becomes a writer.
 And he starts writing articles for a magazine.
 And I thought this was another just bizarre...
 Okay, you have a magazine.
 He started...
 Okay, so he starts...
 I'm reading this article on thing and who wrote this?
 Mad Libs on a board afternoon.
 We got Mungo Dick running around.
 And he writes for a magazine called Monthly Magazine.
 That is the most...
 I mean, I thought about it afterwards and I thought, yes, there are newspapers called
 like The Daily Star or The Daily Tribune.
 But I don't know if I've ever seen a newspaper called Daily Paper.
 That's just it.
 But anyways, he wrote for a magazine that came out every month called Monthly Magazine.
 It should have been actually another thing about it.
 It should have been Mungo's Monthly Magazine.
 That would have been much better.
 It was...
 That would be a better plot.
 Mungo actually has a Monthly Magazine, not a Lennon shop.
 I'm glad I'm rewriting this guy's life history.
 And then there's a magazine dedicated to religious topics and sports.
 And Mungo's like, "Me put religion in for soul, but sports is what makes me feel alive."
 And it's all like rugby stuff because they're in Europe.
 And the sun's trying to like sneak in science articles.
 And so as Mungo's like proofreading, he has his little glasses on on his giant monster
 head.
 As he's trying to proofread the magazine, he notices like in the sports article, because
 the sports article was saying stuff like, "Ball smashed through goal.
 Team win."
 And then he starts to notice like equations sneaking in there like the ball arc to 90
 degrees.
 And then Mungo's just like smashing the printing press.
 "Son, what you do?
 Where these numbers come from?"
 Okay, let's get back to the real story here.
 Thomas Dick ends up writing these books and he writes a bunch of books about Christian
 philosophy.
 One of them, his big book was The Christian Philosopher or The Connection of Science and
 Christian Philosophy with Religion.
 And that was a huge book and it was about him trying to merge the two ideas together.
 And from then on out, he was known as the Christian philosopher and he was highly regarded
 as like a well thought out guy who actually did a good blend of science and religion.
 But where he started to go wrong, because that's all just thought experiments where
 I could say, "Here's science, here's religion, and these are the ways we can look at them."
 So it started to go wrong other than Mungo then smashing through the city of London.
 That was actually a big incident.
 They had to take Mungo down because he was attacking a bunch of Bobbies.
 So but the big problem he made was that he started to basically formulate scientific theories
 himself.
 And he was a smart guy and people have looked back and said, "It's interesting because he
 used data."
 He actually thought like a scientist, but his conclusions were wildly off.
 And he came to this calculation that there's 250 people per square mile in Britain and
 there's millions and millions of square miles in the solar system.
 God would not create an empty universe, therefore to extrapolate all that information in our
 solar system alone, 22 trillion living creatures from little ant monsters to full humanoids.
 And our solar system alone 22 trillion people.
 On the moon, he believed there were 4 billion people.
 Now of course this caught the attention of millions of people, very controversial in
 the scientific community, but it excited the imagination of the public who read the book.
 They're like, "Whoa, we're surrounded by, we're in a living universe."
 In 1837, Thomas Dick came up with the idea to draw a giant triangle in the middle of
 Siberia.
 So that way other aliens would go, "Hey look, there's life down there."
 And it's funny because that's a stupid idea now.
 But back then they didn't have cities illuminated with lights.
 Like really the only way that you could look at a planet in passing to see if there was
 life on it back then would to have a continent sized drawing on it.
 And he's like, "Listen, I know that's gonna take a lot of work, but my dad and a plow
 that triangle is done in a day.
 He can easily walk across Siberia in a day."
 "Hey, I didn't realize that, Siberia and Kuzya.
 Anyway, so the cat, the cat meow.
 Mungo like cat."
 He's like petting the cat and they're like, "No Mungo, no, no, you're threatening it too
 hard."
 "Oh, Mungo, so sad."
 So anyways, what happened was of course as scientific advancements get better, his theories
 start to fall further and further out of favor.
 And a story that we're gonna be covering tomorrow, let's consider this a little bit a part one.
 He plays a minor role in that story and that's why I'm talking about it now.
 He plays a minor role in that story.
 And that story also helped lead to his downfall in a way because it was a hoax that he got
 caught up in unknowingly.
 He didn't know he was getting caught up in it.
 And then, you know, so he was this great writer and philosopher and stuff like that, but in
 the end he died pretty much penniless.
 He didn't make a lot of good deals with his publishers and he died.
 His books, other people, David Livingston, the dude who was like in the jungles and they're
 like Livingston, I presume.
 He got lost in the jungle or something.
 I don't know why you're famous for getting lost in the jungle, but anyways, he went out
 there and did a bunch of like nature work and other jungle stuff.
 And he's famous, he's famous, but so he's just not nobody.
 But I guess he's famous just for being lost.
 Anyways, I guess his review doesn't matter now that I just realized he's just a guy who
 doesn't know directions.
 He said that the books that Thomas Dick wrote were on the level of the Bible.
 That's the level of esteem he had in his lifetime.
 People looked to him for a way to bridge those two things and he ended up dying pretty much
 penniless.
 Mungo actually had to dig his grave with his bare hands crying the whole time going, "Why
 does God take son?
 No God.
 Only science!"
 And then like lightning.
 So that didn't happen, obviously.
 That didn't happen, obviously.
 It is interesting though to note that again the word Dick did not mean penis when he was
 young, but by the time Thomas Dick died, the word Dick definitely was slaying for penis.
 So I'm sure he had to hear a lot of jokes before his last five years of life about having
 a dad named Mungo Dick.
 But that's a life in times of Thomas Dick.
 I wanted to talk about that.
 I think the story is interesting and I think it's interesting how they've still never
 really been able to combine those two paths.
 So maybe they're not compatible science and religion, but again I think science doesn't
 care whether or not they're compatible and religion does want them to be compatible,
 does kind of go on to it, and that's really what that story exemplifies.
 Thomas Dick was really trying to say, "Hey listen, give me some of that science, give
 me some of that knowledge.
 I'm with you."
 Yeah, we've never been able to really find that gap.
 You hear a lot of paranormal investigators saying, "Hey, let's get a scientist over here.
 Let's use this equipment to see if we can scientifically prove ghosts exist."
 You never hear a scientist goes, "You know what we really need to figure out how the
 Higgs boson works?
 We need a bunch of psychics.
 Let's get some remote viewers over to CERN and find out what's going on."
 Weird divide.
 It's a weird little break.
 DeadRabbitRadio@gmail.com is going to be your email address.
 You can also hit us up at facebook.com/DeadRabbitRadio.
 Twitter is @JasonOCarpenter.
 DeadRabbitRadio is the daily paranormal conspiracy and true crime podcast.
 You don't have to listen to it every day, but I'm glad you listened to it today.
 Have a great one, guys.
 So that was episode 122.
 Thomas Dick and the 22 trillion alien theory.
 It's so funny because on yesterday's episode I was ranting about how I used to fit three
 stories into an episode.
 And I did it all the time and I think that I really crammed a lot of good content.
 And the reason why I did that, I don't do it anymore because I realized how much that
 last episode, the house that eats the dead, drove me nuts.
 I go, "These are three really good stories and I'm just blurring past them.
 I'm trying to get three stories done in a short time limit."
 And it's because I don't think the stories, I don't think two of the stories are good
 enough to stand on their own.
 What's interesting is this episode here is the reason why a lot of times I do three
 stories.
 I like all three of these stories.
 And I think the episode's pretty well-paced, right?
 We have the story starts off, Bandit got caught with Dandruff.
 Right?
 I mean, it's kind of a cool science true crime story.
 Nowadays I probably could have told that in a minute and put it on my YouTube TikTok
 channel, my YouTube shorts and all that stuff.
 But I think it's totally fine.
 I think it's a fun story.
 It's detailed, beginning, middle, end, and now we don't...
 I tried looking for him after the episode.
 I didn't actually go out and look for him, but I tried to see if there was any mention
 of him afterwards because the story ended.
 Like he got out of jail quite a while ago.
 No, no, no follow up for that.
 And then the story about a little cat walking through Siberia.
 That was considered...
 There's all...
 Here's the...
 You know what's interesting about Dead Rabbit Radio is it grew too quickly.
 It grew too quickly.
 There's too many episodes now to wrangle it in.
 There's a big debate on the Patreon Discord.
 And this debate even predated the Patreon Discord.
 The show needs a wiki.
 The show needs a wiki.
 I got a request from someone, I think it was Nikolai a while back, Nikolai Michigan.
 I think he was asking on the Patreon Discord, "What's the episode with the cat that walked
 across Siberia?"
 I was like, "I don't know."
 Sometimes I can actually put in enough keywords or put in enough headlines that I'll type
 in Russian cat and the episode will pop up.
 A lot of times people will send me emails, go, "What's that story about the mudcrawler
 in Utah?"
 And I type in mudcrawler.
 I remember that episode.
 I really liked that episode.
 But I couldn't find this episode.
 It basically become lost media within the show itself and people are saying, "Because
 I will go on the Patreon Discord.
 I'll ask this question at least once a month.
 Have I covered this yet?"
 And I'll throw in some weird story and then the people who happen to be on that day, because
 usually I'm prepping a story, right?
 I'm getting ready to record it for that week.
 Sometimes even that day.
 They'll say, "No, I don't think so."
 We should really have a wiki at this point.
 The thing is, there's what?
 920 Samad episodes, right?
 928 episodes at this point with two to three stories per episode.
 So we're talking about what?
 I'm not the best at math, but a minimum of 1800 plus stories, right?
 That we'd have to catalog in this wiki.
 It would just take a ton of time.
 And then you have to have all the troll control, right?
 Because people go and just write like fart, fart, fart.
 And then you got to go and refix the page stuff like that.
 So which is easy, but I mean, it's just, I always look at what I talked about when I
 did the, when I did the behind the scenes Discord episode, what I need to do a show
 and then everything else.
 So what I need to do the show is my research, my recording and my editing process.
 Anything other than that, if it weighs too much, I cut it loose.
 And if I'm looking at a wiki to set up to find episodes, it's a huge amount of time.
 And then when people troll it, now I got to go and take care of that stuff as well.
 And I know a lot of people are volunteering to set this stuff up, but that's also a huge
 amount of work for them to do, right?
 So anything that is not part of that core process gets cut loose.
 Sometimes that includes the TikToks in the short.
 Sometimes I don't do one for that day because I'm like, I'm just doing too much for the
 show.
 So the podcast is the main thing, but back to back to this episode as a little again,
 yeah, I love behind the scenes stuff.
 So hope you guys like this stuff too.
 The little cat, Koushka, right?
 Running around Siberia, great story.
 Do you need to spend 15 minutes telling it?
 No, you can tell that story in five to eight minutes and it's a good story beginning, middle
 and end.
 And then we got the Thomas Dick story.
 And this story, I wanted to kind of break this down for you because this was a very,
 very big possible cliff that the show could have driven off of this.
 This behind the scenes might last a little longer than some of the other ones.
 But and before I go forward, I want to give a shout out.
 I'm going to put this in the show notes as well way back in the day.
 You guys are fantastic.
 You guys are fantastic.
 Recent point way back in the day, swain on discord.
 This was like the original discord, the original discord put together a animation, a PowerPoint
 animation proof of concept and they used this episode.
 It's only like a minute long.
 I actually should see if he'll let me do use it as a YouTube short, but it's actually just
 a minute long.
 It's really cool and it's telling its animation story.
 Again, here's the thing.
 Like I super fantastic, right?
 And I think the idea was what if we started animating episodes every show often before
 putting out so much content?
 That's the problem when you put out five episodes a week.
 If I had started a wiki project when I first started the show, it would be manageable.
 But at this point, it's not every show.
 Often I have to go back and change show notes like mass change show notes.
 And that's a weeks, if not month or too long project.
 I have started that and then I'll just have to give up that way through.
 Great animation.
 I'll put it in the show notes.
 It's really, really cute.
 It shows what is possible with the show, right?
 Like that would be really cool to have some animated segments.
 But let's talk about the story of Thomas Dick.
 The story of Thomas Dick in and of itself, super fascinating, a scientist and a religious
 figure trying to blend the two.
 And you see that a lot, right?
 I think it's awesome.
 I think there is a combination between science and religion.
 Not only one cancels out the other, I think they kind of emboldened each other, right?
 And it causes conflict too, which is good because you need conflict to grow.
 I learned that watching Zombies 3.
 I never knew that before, year 2022.
 The story itself is great, right?
 Christian slash scientist who's trying to combine the best of both worlds.
 I don't believe that science and religion are mutually exclusive.
 I think they can actually be great friends and it creates good conflict.
 I think to further your faith or to further your research, you need someone arguing with
 you and telling you no.
 So I think the character itself, it's not a character, it's a real person, but the person
 himself is super fascinating, right?
 I love that story.
 And then it led into the next story about this moon hoax, which I'll put a link in the show
 notes.
 I recommend checking that one out.
 I haven't listened to it in a while.
 I don't know if I have a ton of stuff to say about it.
 But this episode was super important for Dead or Abbot Radio because when you are doing
 stuff, let me back up here for a second.
 So one of the things that I do, originally I had no notes.
 Originally I would just read an article and then turn on the mic and I would talk about
 what I had just read.
 And it was really stressful for me because I had to keep looking over at the article
 or rereading and losing my place.
 Then I started writing notes.
 And I can't say the show never intended to be a comedy.
 I think originally it was in the comedy genre.
 It still technically is.
 Actually no, now it's listed as a science show.
 But I was obviously influenced by comedic podcasts like Sophie King podcast and the
 Parapod.
 These were podcasts that I held in really high esteem and they were super funny.
 And I was like, I'll talk about this stuff.
 I'm not going to be super serious and dour about it.
 But I can't say I necessarily went into it thinking, oh this is going to be a laugh
 a minute.
 If you listen to the first episode, when I'm talking about how animals talk to each other,
 I went to war.
 I recorded those first three episodes and I released them.
 And a couple of people at work listened to them.
 And one of the dudes, an old friend of mine, Zach, he goes, you sound like an idiot.
 And he goes, the thing is, it sounds like you.
 It's not because you say stuff like that at work.
 It wasn't a performance.
 I've had conversations with you and you say stuff that dumb.
 That's not how it works.
 That's not how animals talk to each other.
 When they squeak, they're not giving each other locations to their nut stash.
 So I realized even if I wasn't trying to be openly comedic, just from me telling the
 stories, there's going to be some funny stuff.
 Right.
 Just I know the way that I tell stuff can be funny.
 I know the way that I mispronounce stuff.
 That's unintentionally funny.
 I don't mean to do that.
 I never tried to be too serious.
 Early on in the show, you'll hear some tonal shifts.
 Sometimes the episodes are a little too serious.
 Sometimes they're a little too funny, a little too zany.
 You can hear me kind of going back and forth.
 Now you may have the first story in an episode be funny and the second episode be kind of
 darker, like a true crime thing.
 But before it would be like, I was like, I was trying to figure out like what type of
 hot, because I was getting feedback and I was like, well, what do people actually want?
 Do they want this?
 Do they want that?
 And I finally realized what show do I want?
 Right.
 I want to show with a little bit of comedy when it's appropriate and a little bit of
 seriousness when it's appropriate.
 And sometimes the blending of the two is fun.
 Right.
 So I write my notes now.
 I take notes and I'll write down story beats.
 Write down the story beats of what's happening in the story.
 This happens.
 I'm trying to work on the and then this.
 I'm trying to work on that.
 I've fallen into that crutch recently where I was like, and then the alien beamed them
 up to the house.
 Now they're on the roof of the house.
 I'm trying to work trying to fix that, but that's a fairly recent thing.
 I don't know why I've fallen into that trap.
 But one thing I don't do is write down jokes.
 Now I have in the past when I'm researching notes and laughing so hard to come up with
 a funny joke.
 I was like, I'll do this skit's going to be so funny.
 Not necessarily skit, but I like read on the notes and laugh.
 I'm like, I'll do this is going to be so funny.
 And I would write it in my notes that actually put in parentheses.
 Like, it wouldn't be like tell Joe Kier.
 It'd be like joke about this.
 Make a joke like I would put out the joke.
 And whenever I recorded it, it was all it was the worst joke.
 Like when I thought of it, it was hilarious.
 And I bet you anything.
 If when I was recording it, it popped in my head.
 I would have thought it was funny enough to stay in the episode.
 I had it out bad jokes, breathing and us.
 Those are my biggest edit edits, right?
 And then the ending gets really chopped up.
 The ending part, sometimes I can kind of drone on and on.
 Okay, Jason, we get it.
 Let's chop it down in two minutes, right?
 We went and said, let's chop it down in two minutes.
 So when I write a joke down, it's really bad.
 What happened with this was I was sitting at work and I was reading about Thomas Dick.
 And when I saw the guy's name was Mungo Dick, I laughed out loud and I started thinking of
 all these zany scenarios that Mungo Dick could be in.
 And this is one of those episodes that I can hear myself kind of sweating in the episode.
 I can hear the water moisture hitting the mic because this is one of those episodes
 where some of the jokes I actually knew ahead of time going in.
 And I will say something, quote unquote, "I'm funny."
 Or I'm funny.
 I mean, your mileage may vary, right?
 And I can own, because I have no audience reaction, right?
 I say it and then I can hear myself second guessing that.
 Was that funny or not?
 The joke that I laugh that I still think is the funniest joke, because again, it was just
 right off the top of my head when I was sitting there, when I was listening to the episode
 again to do this bonus thing, was when Mungo has the newspaper.
 Mungo has the paper.
 Like the paper where it said the paper was like the daily paper or something.
 And I said, what?
 That's like calling such and such.
 That joke I had written down, I was like, "Geez, that joke was super dumb."
 I was like, "What?
 They call it a daily paper."
 That's like calling something this.
 And I had written that in my notes.
 I remember it.
 And it just falls with a thud.
 But the joke that I came up with on the spot that actually laughed, and I almost started
 laughing too hard.
 I kind of tried to hold it back.
 You can hear it in my voice when I said, "Mungo makes this newspaper for, oh, it was like
 religion and sports."
 Like that was a total, like I just came up on the top of my head.
 Religion is good for the soul, but sports makes me feel alive.
 Like that was, and I was like, "See, that was the impromptu joke."
 I didn't have any, none of that stuff written down.
 I don't know why, I think in the notes, I might have said that newspaper is about two
 things, but I think it probably wrote down one of them.
 Whatever the reason was, I thought that joke was really funny.
 But as far as that goes, right?
 I don't, I, I want the, I want the show to be entertaining.
 And I know at this point, a lot of that comes from comedy.
 But again, imagine getting up on stage and being like, "I'm gonna tell, I'm gonna tell
 jokes.
 They're gonna pop in my head or they won't."
 Like you can't force them.
 It's just such a weird, this podcast is weird in that sense.
 I think most comedy podcasts have other people on.
 And some episodes aren't funny.
 Trust me, don't get me wrong.
 Some episodes aren't funny.
 They're not supposed to be funny, right?
 Scooby-Doo SVU about the connection between, the odd connection between people in the paranormal
 world and sex pests, child predators, stuff like that.
 That's not a laugh a minute.
 It's not a funny episode.
 It would be horrible if it was.
 So really, I thought that was an interesting look at the behind the scenes, the comedy
 part of it.
 But I also wanted to talk about Mungo because this, when you are creating anything over a
 period of time, I think, I don't know if everyone does this.
 I'm probably hyper aware of it because the show's gone on for so long and it's five episodes
 for 10 weeks, a two week break, and then five episodes a week for 10 weeks and that.
 Flanderization.
 Flanderization.
 It's a term, meaning from Ned Flanders from The Simpsons, is where a character starts
 off as kind of a well-rounded character with maybe one or two quirks.
 And then by season 13, they're just the quirk.
 Ned Flanders is a good name for it, Flanderization.
 I think the best example is the characters from It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
 Like early on in season two or three, three or four, somewhere around there, they made
 a joke about Charlie not being able to read.
 And then it became to him being not only completely illiterate, like once they were like, "I can't
 read your handwriting."
 Then it came to not only is he completely illiterate, he's mentally handicapped.
 Like he's drinking paint and he's king of the rats and all this stuff.
 And then while funny, right, it becomes a broad character, one before the character had
 a little more nuance.
 Dennis, for example, started off, he was a playboy.
 He was an egotistical playboy.
 And then he started to be like, "No matter what, I'm going to get this girl."
 And then he became a rapist.
 They've made vague references, not so vague references to him being more forceful with
 the women or manipulating them.
 Not just the Dennis system, but actually tricking them.
 He boards up his windows so they can't get out to maybe even being a serial killer.
 Because they started off being like, they have an episode where he's a little slimy
 or the normal and now he's a psychopathic serial killer.
 And Mac, right, the jokes are, "Oh, he's homophobic and now he's gay."
 Like they took it, and I'm not saying that the jokes in between these things weren't
 funny.
 Now they're just these stereotypes, the psychopath, the flamboyant homosexual, and the illiterate
 fool.
 You lose a lot of nuance there.
 There's a lot of stories they probably could have told that they can't tell now because
 Charlie is mentally handicapped, right?
 You can't, it wouldn't make sense if he went and had this adventure then.
 So when you do something over a long enough time period, that's the risk, right?
 You start off with a character, they're a little unsure of themselves.
 In season three, four, five, they're a bumbling coward.
 Because the fans go, "Oh, that episode was so funny when Wesley dropped the spike or
 whatever he was trying to give to Buffy."
 And then they go, "Oh, they like this kind of thing?"
 You see it a lot too.
 I know I'm going deep in this, but you see it a lot with characters, right?
 There's a moment between Spike and Buffy and the fans go, "Ooh, or Spike and Buffy going
 to get together."
 And the writers go, "Yeah, sure."
 It's season six.
 We've run out of stuff to talk about.
 They're dating.
 So you've got to be careful of that type of stuff.
 And this episode, the entire Dead Rabbit Radio came close to becoming flanderized because
 people loved Mungo.
 I loved Mungo.
 He's a funny voice to do.
 He's a funny character.
 And I realized that I can't bring him back.
 I can't bring him back.
 He's popped up in other episodes as a son, as Mungo Jr.
 And his voice, it's not the most clever impersonation, but his voice, his mannerisms have become
 Bigfoot, right?
 When I talk about Bigfoot, he sounds a lot like Mungo Dick the way he talks about his
 Mungo Dick.
 But I remember like, I was getting comments being like, "Dude, I hope I see more of Mungo.
 This is really awesome.
 This episode is so funny."
 And this is kind of coming, I don't know how many episodes past the Hans episode, the
 Monkeys Don't Exist episode, so that character was super popular too.
 There were times, Hans showed back up for an episode and I think it ruined the episode,
 honestly.
 Hans showed up in the Bam Marguerite Afterlife episode.
 See, when you have an episode that's just listing crazy things, people say, "I haven't
 edited the Jean Benet Doesn't Exist episode yet."
 But I'm kind of afraid that that episode's kind of dry because it's just me saying, "She
 believes this and she believes that and she believes this and she believes that."
 And so Hans was a crutch.
 I had that Bam Marguerite Afterlife episode and it was just a super bizarre conspiracy
 theory so I brought on this crazy character Hans and he's being wacky and I'm like, "Hans,
 how dumb are you?"
 And he's like, "Oh, I'm pretty dumb.
 Yuck, yuck."
 And people liked it.
 People liked it and I remember I usually don't navigate the show or make decisions based
 on one comment.
 I almost never do.
 But I did get one comment on the Bam Marguerite episode.
 This was on YouTube.
 This is when I used to take episodes and cut them in half.
 Took an extremely long amount of time.
 That's why I don't do it anymore.
 People say, "Why don't you put those little..."
 Because it takes me too long.
 But he goes, "Who in the world is Franz?"
 What are you talking about?
 Are you talking about Bam's good friends, Franz Helmut Head or whatever?
 Like he mentioned some other guy with that name.
 He goes, "This was nonsensical.
 This made no sense."
 And I thought, "Yeah, this is the problem.
 I have to make the show.
 I like to make the show for people who this is their first episode, as the same time as
 this is someone's 928th episode.
 And when you have reoccurring characters, when you have in-jokes, it makes it so hard
 to get into.
 And when a character has such an odd speech pattern as Han's warm hat or a mongo dick.
 Now here's the thing.
 I 100% saw two paths laid out in front of me.
 I saw a path where mongo shows up every show often to do something funny.
 I'm like doing an episode about are there angels in space and mongo's like, "Angels
 in space."
 That was another thing.
 I can never do the same voice.
 I can never do the characters the same voice each time.
 But mongo say angels in space.
 That's science and religion.
 Mongo, what are you doing in the studio?
 I heard you say angels and then the science word.
 Mongo, why don't you sit down and talk to us about what you think about religion.
 I would have ended the show.
 I would have been like, this is awful.
 This is awful, but part of me saw that path.
 Because it's been done before, right?
 It's been done before.
 Shows flanderize themselves all the time.
 You have a popular episode and then you just go with it.
 Now I've had episodes where I've talked about Illuminati and Kevin Spacey and stuff like
 that and they've been some of my highest performing content on YouTube.
 Before the YouTube shorts, now that's blowing all the episodes on YouTube away.
 YouTube's not really set up for long form, no image.
 It's video platform, right?
 I'm talking about stuff.
 The podcast has always been more successful than the YouTube, right?
 But as far as YouTube goes, I've always thought about when I do these Illuminati episodes about
 Kevin Spacey, I've talked about this before, all these big episodes.
 They're always huge blowout episodes.
 Ellen DeGeneres is under house arrest.
 Tom Hanks is secretly working for the Illuminati.
 Huge numbers.
 And then people go, what?
 This sucked because they expected me to be taking it seriously.
 People for the first time were finding the show and it wasn't what they thought.
 Now, long time listeners of the show loved it, right?
 But every time that happened, I thought, okay, so this is interesting.
 There's this listenership that I have, that I love, and a show that I love doing.
 And then I could just do a shill show.
 I could do a show believing in all these stuff that I know other people are going to believe
 in.
 I'm going to make tons of money, right?
 The show's going to blow up.
 There's a YouTuber I watch named Andy Signor.
 He used to be on movie junkies or movie fights.
 He was movie fights, movie fights.
 Screen Junkies was the name of the channel.
 He was one of the very first casualties of me too.
 And he came out afterwards after all these lawsuits and said, listen, she made everything
 up and here's the proof and da, da, da, da.
 So if you don't like Andy Signor, I understand why you don't like Andy Signor.
 But he seems to have had some receipts that a lot of the allegations against him.
 He said, I did cheat on my wife and all this stuff.
 So Andy Signor has his own show now called Popcorn Planet.
 And when he first started up, I was watching it a lot.
 He's doing movie stuff.
 He's doing movie stuff.
 And I was like, okay, but he didn't have the same views as he used to.
 His reputation was tarnished.
 He was coming back out of a hole.
 And then he started like covering stuff about Britney Spears conservatorship or the Amber
 Herd or the Zash.
 He went hard on the Zack Snyder guys during the Snyder Cut.
 His channel exploded.
 So then he just started doing Britney Spears stuff and Amber Herd stuff and beefing with
 Ray Fisher from the DC movies.
 He's Cyborg.
 And as a longtime fan, that wasn't the content I was interested in, but he knew people.
 He was making more money.
 He had a whole new fan base and he had all these new people.
 So I just kind of like, you know, kind of waved as the boat was sailing off East to
 take him out there.
 I mean, hey, I wish you the best of luck.
 That wasn't the content that I was interested in.
 Why did he even start talking about that?
 Oh, he flandered rights to the show.
 Right.
 He did a couple episodes.
 And to me, it became a gossip channel, not a movie channel.
 The gossip involved movie stars, but I'm really not into whether any of that stuff.
 So I remember thinking like I could do the Kevin Spacey shows until the show ends, which
 actually turned out to be pretty quickly.
 I think YouTube was cracking down on those guys.
 You know, this was all, you know, pre like 2019, 2020, before they really started coming
 down on conspiracy content.
 But I remember thinking I could do that.
 I didn't want to do that.
 I didn't want to make a show where I was lying to people.
 And then I wanted to sign a rabbit up like this.
 I remember thinking, I remember at one point I had Mungo, Hans Wormhat and Miley Cyrus.
 I wish I knew what episode this was.
 There's a very first time I did this.
 I released a season X trailer.
 It was like season five or six or something like that, where all of the Dead Rabbit radio
 vehicles were destroyed, all of them.
 And there was this evil group that had come after.
 I thought it was a kind of fun idea.
 I came over there while I was in the shower.
 I literally walked out.
 I was still dripping wet.
 I recorded all these dumb voices, edited together, had a lot of fun with it.
 Miley Cyrus, longtime personal friend.
 Long time, people get so mad when I bring that up.
 Long time personal friend, Miley Cyrus.
 See, that's an in joke, right?
 You wouldn't know that if you hadn't listened to the episode where I talked about my personal
 mysic.
 I make it even more intimate each time.
 My personal friendship with Miley Cyrus.
 I'd give no other details to that.
 We talked for a while.
 Miley Cyrus, Hans Wormhat and Mungo showed up.
 We formed a team to take down the bad guys who blew up all the vehicles.
 I thought it was a great way to start off whatever season that was.
 I kind of toyed with the idea of doing it again next season and I was like, nope, nope, no
 extra work.
 The show's already hard enough.
 That was a fun thing.
 It was, again, it was impulsive and you did it and it was fun.
 When I sit and I plan stuff out and I'm trying to like do all these jokes, they don't land.
 I'm not a comedian in that sense.
 I remember thinking at one point, we did the trailer.
 People really liked that.
 I think Mungo's come back as his son or my son Mungo Jr.
 People think that's funny.
 But I remember at one point I was planning on doing an episode about the people versus
 Michael Jackson because I personally believe that Michael Jackson was innocent of those
 allegations.
 This was when that documentary came out, like Surviving Neverland or Finding Neverland
 or whatever it was.
 It was trash journalism, it was trash true crime, garbage.
 And I was thinking about doing a rebuttal for that and Han's warm hat was going to be
 his defense lawyer and I was like putting up notes and I go, this is awful.
 No one wants to hear me do this voice for 30 minutes straight, especially about a subject
 that they may not even care about.
 Who really cares whether or not Michael Jackson's guilty, either just fans or smear journalists,
 in my opinion.
 And then, so I scratched that idea but I was planning it.
 I actually have a special folder of Michael Jackson research.
 I do.
 He's like, no, we're not going to do that.
 And I didn't feel confident enough in me just telling the story and whatever.
 And then I was going to do an episode, I don't remember what the setup was, but it was Mungo
 in the morning.
 It was a radio talk show skit that was going to be reoccurring with Mungo and Han's.
 And it was like, this is trash.
 Why are you even trying to do this?
 Mungo was funny the first time you did him.
 He's shown up a couple times and it's, even if you don't know the Mungo joke, you just
 figure Jason is someone who would name his son Mungo Jr. even though you're not Mungo
 Sr.
 Even if you didn't know the Mungo setup, it's a funny joke.
 So I wanted to, as cars are all of a sudden starting up all around me, I have to end this
 and this has been really long.
 I wanted to show you guys the history of, I never mind, I'm going to wait till this truck
 goes away.
 I wanted to show you guys the behind the scenes, just a simple episode, right?
 But I almost, I could have ruined the show.
 I could have ruined the show by bringing on these reoccurring guests, which I think would
 become funny or would get super old quickly, right?
 It's like, what?
 Some kids got molested.
 Here comes Mungo.
 Oh, who's the bad guy who touched that kid?
 Like sometimes it would be super out of place, right?
 I think it would have gotten old really fast.
 I think new listeners would have been like, why is he doing these, why is he doing these
 voices?
 Like what does this have anything to do with the topic?
 And it's just, it's that wire, you know?
 It's that wire you have to balance.
 When you're doing something creative, there is a balance between listening to the listeners
 and doing your own thing.
 And I think we've all have a hundred examples of shows that have been ruined because of relationships
 that you're like, what, why are those two characters together?
 Kylo Ren and whoever that girl was, Skywalker daughter, are together now?
 I don't watch, I don't watch any of those movies, but I know people are like, they're
 so shoehorned in, but the fans, quote unquote, the fans wanted it, right?
 This vocal minority wanted it and people are like, this is dumb.
 We've all seen that.
 It's really easy to mess up your own project and I'm glad so far I haven't been able to
 do that, right?
 I've tried.
 I've tried.
 I almost had Mungo in the morning.
 I was radio DJ DJ thing.
 I thought it was so funny.
 I was like, I've recorded fake ads.
 I remember once I had like a week of fake ads for Sprite or Burger King.
 The burger ads might have ended up on the show, but I remember I have a file of fake
 funny ads that recorded and then I thought, dude, nobody likes listening to real ads,
 let alone ads for things that don't exist.
 Why are you wasting their time?
 So that's a bit of behind the scenes of the comedy part of the podcast.
 I hope you guys enjoyed it and I hope you guys enjoyed the decisions I've made, right?
 We still got another thousand episodes or so in front of us, right?
 We're coming to the first thousand.
 Who knows where this show will grow till then, but until tomorrow we got two more episodes
 of Dead Rabbit Radio Classics.
 I don't know what they are yet, but I do know what one of them is.
 One of them is the KGB vs. Aliens episode.
 And again, in other, that episode's really weird.
 I just listened to that the other day and I thought you would have recorded a completely
 different episode today.
 So let's go ahead and take a look at that one tomorrow and I will see you guys then.
 Travelers, insurance smart takes.
 A storm puts a hole in my roof.
 I could stay with my physical trainer buddy, Keith.
 He calls himself Coach.
 Luckily, loss of use coverage can help pay for me to stay at a hotel while my home is repaired.
 No 5 a.m. trampoline kettlebell swings for me.
 Coach.
 Travelers, it's better under the umbrella.
 Policy subject to availability and eligibility.
 Coverage depends on facts of a loss and policy terms.
 The traveler's indemnity company and its property casualty affiliates.
 1 Tower Square Hartford, Connecticut, 06183.
