 They truly are like family to us.
 We are so lucky to have these people that just care.
 At Ann and Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago,
 we know that caring for your child takes more than medicine.
 They're not just treating the disease.
 They're caring for Olivia.
 They know my baby's name.
 They make me happy.
 And they make me feel better.
 With cutting-edge treatments and kid-friendly care,
 there's a reason Lurie Children's has ranked the number one
 Children's Hospital in Illinois.
 I would always recommend Lurie Children's, always.
 Real raw news.
 A conspiracy theory website we've covered multiple times
 on this show just got doxxed
 and they had a full expose written on them.
 Today we're gonna go into the stories behind the stories
 and find out that the truth behind the headlines
 is even more bizarre.
 Now we take a look at the bizarre story of a group
 that decided to develop an artificial intelligence
 to crawl along the web and learn everything they could
 about humanity.
 Their purpose?
 To expose pedophiles.
 Today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 (upbeat music)
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode
 of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host, Jason Carpenter.
 I'm having a great day.
 Hope you guys are having a great day too.
 Hope you guys had a lot of fun this weekend.
 We got a ton of stuff to cover.
 So first off, let's introduce our newest Patreon supporter,
 walking into Dead Rabbit Command right now.
 You know 'em, you love 'em.
 It's Jack Gardner.
 Everyone give a round of applause to Jack.
 He's walking into Dead Rabbit Command.
 Really, really appreciate the support.
 Jack, you're gonna be our captain,
 our pilot of this episode.
 If you guys can't support the Patreon,
 I totally understand.
 Just helps spread the word about the show
 really, really helps out a lot.
 When I see the show being posted online,
 it always brings in new listeners.
 Jack, I'm gonna go ahead and toss you the keys
 to the Dead Rabbit Durgible.
 We're gonna leave behind Dead Rabbit Command.
 We are headed all the way out to Washington, D.C.
 (growling)
 I don't talk a lot of politics on this show.
 It's one of the founding principles of Dead Rabbit Radio,
 but sometimes you have to take a stand.
 And I am so tired.
 I think you can even hear it in my voice.
 I'm trying to really figure out a way to say this.
 My voice has been cracking.
 I've done a couple versions of this.
 I'm so tired of President Joe Biden
 not giving full credit to his body double.
 I personally think Arthur Roberts,
 83-year-old movie star Arthur Roberts
 is doing a great job of portraying Joe Biden.
 Even though, if you look up that actor on IMDb,
 he's taller, taller than Joe Biden.
 Apparently a heavyweight, this is apparently true.
 A heavyweight fell on Arthur Roberts' head
 and shrunk him to the perfect Joe Biden height.
 Did you know that was possible?
 I'm tired of Arthur Roberts not getting the credit he deserves.
 The only way I know about Arthur Roberts
 being Joe Biden's body double
 is because of an obscure website called Real Raw News.
 And this needs to be fully cooked mainstream news.
 This needs to be Fourth of July barbecue news.
 Arthur Roberts, 83-years-old,
 is playing the part of Joe Biden.
 And you go, I don't never heard of that guy.
 Well, that's, you know what?
 That kind of upsets me.
 It's kind of making my voice sore again
 because that shows that you are just not a fan of cinema.
 You're telling me you never saw
 "Virtual Girl 2" "Virtual Vegas"?
 You never watched that movie?
 Movie, "Read to Find My"
 whatever part of my life, however old I was
 when that movie came out.
 He was in that.
 You don't remember he was in "Duey Houser"
 "M.D." the television series?
 He played "Impatient Customer" number two.
 You see, Arthur Roberts has given so much to pop culture.
 Remember when you had that trivia pursuit question?
 Remember when you played "Trivial Pursuit"?
 And it asked who was the "Impatient Customer" number two?
 It was a trick question.
 Because everyone knew who "Impatient Customer" number one was.
 This is someone,
 tell me if this doesn't sound like
 the most brilliant movie ever.
 Inception, whatever dude.
 Primer, get a job.
 Listen to this.
 Arthur Roberts, currently serving as the 46th president
 of the United States,
 also starred in a movie called "Moms Out of Sight".
 Let me tell you about this movie, "Moms Out of Sight".
 I've never seen it.
 I've been digging into some biographical information
 on our new president.
 So I was looking at the IMDB page for "Moms Out of Sight".
 Tell me this doesn't sound like the best movie ever.
 There's an inventor, his name is John Richards.
 And he invents teleportation.
 And then there's like his evil assistant named Martin.
 And he goes, "You know what?
 If I had that teleportation machine,
 I'd be super rich.
 I could sell it to the highest bidder."
 Which is true.
 So to get his teleportation machine,
 to get his teleportation machine,
 he builds a machine that allows him to create
 instant clones of people.
 And it's their evil clone.
 So why not if you have that machine?
 Why do you need to get a teleportation machine?
 He can shoot the professor,
 the inventor of the teleportation machine,
 and creates an instant indistinguishable clone of him
 on the spot wearing the same clothes, I presume.
 'Cause I think this is a kid's movie.
 And it's the evil version of them.
 You don't have to need teleportation.
 You would just have an army of evil youths.
 Or like evil Arnold Schwarzenegger's.
 They're just mildly different.
 Then this movie's called "Moms Out of Sight".
 And the cover, so I know what the cover of the movie is.
 This guy invents a teleportation machine.
 This, his assistant now has a machine
 that can make instant clones that are evil.
 And then it says this.
 This is so bizarre.
 This is so bizarre.
 This is a quote, "The professor's son, Jack,
 and wife, Barbara, learn about Martin's underhanded doings.
 And Barbara uses another one of her husband's gimmicks
 to get revenge against Martin.
 She turns herself invisible."
 So what do you want to know?
 This guy invented the invisibility machine.
 He's like, "Ah, that could probably make me a millionaire.
 But I want something that'll make me a trillionaire."
 What?
 The cover is an invisible mom.
 I think she's wearing an apron or something like that.
 And some kids are poking their head around the corner.
 And so that movie exists.
 First off, I wanted to take five minutes of this podcast
 to let you know that that's a real movie
 that I have to watch.
 But also to let you know
 that our president was in that movie.
 Like, isn't that amazing?
 We're not talking about some cheap actor.
 We're not talking about somebody
 who's just pumping out franchise films over and over again.
 He's taking risks.
 The reason why I bring those movies up
 because the problem is is that Arthur Roberts
 is bringing those movies up as well.
 Which would be fine, right?
 'Cause he's an actor and he's trying to get more business.
 He goes, "Hey, have you ever seen 100,000 zombie heads?"
 But he's not Arthur Roberts anymore.
 He's Joe Biden.
 So when Joe Biden recently met with Boris Johnson,
 they had that press meeting in the White House
 on like September 21st, 2021.
 And it went slightly viral
 'cause you can hear like reporters being ushered out
 at the ending as they're like yelling out questions.
 What was going on was Arthur Roberts
 as he was sitting there with Boris Johnson started going,
 "This wasn't picked up on my,
 "this wasn't picked up on any mics, by the way.
 "Some of the most sensitive microphone technology
 "in the world on these global leaders.
 "It wasn't picked up by mics."
 During the meeting, Joe Biden kept leaning over
 and be like, "Hey, what'd you think of Up 'n Smoke?
 "Did you like that movie?
 "I heard it was really good.
 "I heard the guy who played police officer number seven
 "did a great job."
 Boris Johnson's like, "What?"
 And the meeting would go on and then he goes,
 "Hey, Boris, Boris, it's been a while
 "since I've asked you something."
 It's only been like 35 seconds.
 He's really losing his grip on time.
 "Hey, Boris, have you ever seen Little Miss Magic?"
 What?
 Yeah, it's a real movie.
 It's a real movie about a sorceress,
 a teenage sorceress to get her powers.
 She has to help a impact husband overcome
 his battle-axe wife.
 Have you seen that?
 Did you know it existed until he said it
 a couple of minutes ago?
 And Boris Johnson, again, his mic is not picking up
 any of this up either.
 Boris Johnson asked like, "What is going on?
 "Like, who the bloody hell are you?"
 And that is why everyone starts like going,
 "Oh, no, look at, he's been exposed.
 "Get him out of here, get him out of here."
 And that's why you hear all the yelling in that clip
 was because Boris Johnson realized
 this wasn't the real Joe Biden.
 He must be a body.
 He was about to expose it on live television.
 See, the problem is that according to real raw news,
 I have to state that because I don't want to get sued
 by Arthur's lawyers.
 According to real raw news,
 Arthur Roberts is suffering dementia.
 He's making all these gaffes
 and he's just randomly talking about his own movies.
 He's just so into it.
 Now, I have to say this, Arthur Roberts has made four movies
 in the past two years.
 He's not suffering from dementia.
 I'm sure.
 I don't think that, I don't think you should hire people
 to dementia it to be body devils or on movie sets.
 I mean, that might be discriminatory,
 but I think at a certain point it would just be elder abuse.
 They're like, "Oh, they make great zombies.
 "We didn't have to use any makeup at all.
 "We just had them wander through the graveyard."
 Like, I'm sure that Arthur Roberts is totally fine.
 But what isn't totally fine?
 And it's actually, I think it might be on its last leg
 if history says anything, is real raw news itself.
 The last time we talked about real raw news,
 I stated that I saw this tag that said,
 "This website contains satire and humor
 "and it's for entertainment purposes only."
 And I go, "Oh, I kind of put a whole damper
 "on the whole thing.
 "Like, if it's just supposed to be funny,
 "then it's not funny."
 Like, if people actually believe this, it's hilarious.
 But if, I mean, anyone, it could still be funny,
 but I wouldn't talk about it on the show
 the same way I don't talk about ARGs or creepypasta.
 What happened was I recently got a story recommendation
 from Steve MND on Twitter.
 And thank you very much, Steve, for sending this over.
 So what's happened recently is
 PolitiFact is a fact-checking website
 and they ran an expose on real raw news.
 It was an article written by Bill McCarthy for PolitiFact
 and this is the saga they put out.
 They said, "For quite a few months now,
 "they've been having to run individual disclaimers
 "about articles that are popping up on Facebook,
 "popping up on Google ads,
 "directing people to real raw news
 "and they keep saying this is not true,
 "this is not true, this is not true."
 So then they just decided at this point
 to run a full expose on the website
 and to find out who's running it.
 And in the end, they doxed him
 and they're like trying to contact this dude's brother
 and some stuff that I don't agree with.
 I don't think he's a threat to the local community.
 I don't really think he needed to be doxed in that way.
 But yeah, they really like trying to find out
 where he lives and stuff like that.
 I'm not down with that.
 But I am interested.
 That aside, that aside,
 they did this really good deep dive
 into the construction of the real raw news empire,
 'cause that's what it turned out to be.
 And a very, very interesting insight
 into what may be the real motivation
 behind real raw news.
 We know him as Michael Baxter,
 and I'm not gonna dox him on this show,
 but the person who runs real raw news
 goes by the name Michael Baxter.
 He's a 53 year old man.
 That's all the information I'll reveal.
 But they give off his real name.
 And he started real raw news in April of 2020,
 but then it started publishing stuff
 until December of 2020.
 And since then, he's written 150 articles.
 He's the sole writer for the website.
 These investigations are going on.
 They're trying to figure out who,
 and it wasn't just political fact,
 other fact checking websites
 were trying to figure out who was running this.
 They're able to track him back to a website
 called twistedtruth.net.
 They had an article on that one,
 Putin recruits Steve Segal to fight Anunnaki.
 And it's this article that's written
 that it obviously sounds completely insane.
 I mean, Steven Segal out of all of them,
 that's the one you choose.
 And the first line's a joke.
 It says he's the lead singer of a band
 called Steven Segal's.
 It's a real band, but he's not in it.
 So, I mean, it's ridiculous.
 Newsguard emails twisted truth.
 The person running this way.
 And those articles are also written by a Michael Baxter,
 but they email twisted truth's email address.
 And the response they get back is this, quote,
 it's a satire site exposing the insanity
 of rabid Trumpists who lack the mental wherewithal
 to distinguish fact from fiction, unquote.
 So right there, they're saying it's all,
 not only is it all fake,
 it's supposed to show how dumb Trump supporters are.
 They're clearly laying that out in the twisted truth.
 Now, just a year or two later, real raw news pops up
 and you have to ask, are they still running the same joke?
 Are they still running the same scam?
 Is the sentiment the same?
 Is real raw news a satire site
 and it's actively ripping off Trump supporters?
 'Cause they're donating money and things like that.
 We don't know.
 Michael Baxter is no longer responding to any emails.
 At least that's what Politifact is reporting.
 And Politifact in kind went and got his Facebook page shut down,
 had Google ads cancel his campaign.
 And I believe are making some push against Twitter
 to have him removed from Twitter.
 'Cause he's like, "Oh, I'm gonna be on Telegram soon
 'cause Twitter's about to delete me and all this stuff."
 So it's such a fascinating story
 because we're no closer to the truth, really.
 We know at one point he thought that this is just satirical.
 I'm grifting these guys.
 It's some sort of scam.
 'Cause I guess he had to go fund me at one point.
 He definitely had a PayPal button.
 People were donating money to him.
 But in the paranormal community,
 I've seen this happen a lot with paranormal researchers
 and conspiracy theorists.
 They start off on one side of the spectrum,
 like, "Oh, I'm fairly skeptical."
 And then they're flatter-thirst within like a year, maybe two.
 There's a really popular paranormal conspiracy theory podcast
 that has interviews.
 And the more interviews the host has done,
 the crazier the host has become.
 It's really weird.
 I mean, like I started watching the show
 when it first came out,
 or listening to the show when it first came out,
 and they just kept getting weirder and weirder and weirder.
 'Cause basically they're sitting down with people
 for an hour whose entire life, entire career
 revolves around one issue.
 They know everything about it.
 People who believe in flatter-th,
 know way more about the flatter-thiery than I do.
 And if I was an idiot, and I kept listening to him,
 I'd go, "Oh, that makes sense.
 "And that makes sense.
 "And that makes sense.
 "And that makes sense."
 And my brain turns to pudding.
 It's very, very easy.
 I'm wondering if Michael Baxter started this off as a joke
 and started getting quote, unquote, "Red Pilled."
 And it's just gone completely off the rails.
 If Joe Biden doesn't have a body double,
 and if he didn't have a body double,
 he wouldn't be a body double
 who got squished to be a Joe Biden height.
 And it wouldn't be a body double with dementia.
 You cannot choose a worse body double
 for an elderly man than an elderly man with dementia.
 You couldn't do that.
 And the fact that he's so super recognizable,
 he's been in all these great movies
 we all grew up watching, right?
 You guys remember those movies?
 So, did he think it was fake at first,
 and now he believes it?
 Does he still know it's fake,
 but it's just making too much money
 and getting too much,
 'cause this guy has a huge following, huge following.
 So, or does he believe this stuff?
 Does he actually believe this stuff now?
 And I think we're further from the truth.
 If anything, this whole event has emboldened him.
 'Cause I think his quote to "Politic Fact" was,
 "Thanks for doxing me in all the free exposure."
 And then that was kind of it.
 Now it's just, if he didn't believe it yet,
 he believes it now,
 'cause now everyone's coming after him.
 And I will say this, the narrative in the political,
 this is my own conspiracy theory.
 The narrative in the "Politic Fact" arc was,
 oh, we got tired of fact-checking this stuff all the time,
 so we just decided to do a big investigation.
 I find it really interesting
 that this comes only a week after
 the Bill Gates Foundation CEO, allegedly.
 I mean, real raw news is saying this,
 but it was a weird, it was a very weird story.
 He's a very subdued story.
 They said the CEO or CFO of the Bill Gates Foundation
 emailed him and said,
 "Take the Bill Gates stuff off your website."
 (laughs)
 Hillary Clinton stuff's true, by the way,
 but take the Bill Gates stuff off the website
 or we're gonna sue you.
 And he's like, "Yeah, whatever, take me to court.
 "This is a tyrical website.
 "What are you gonna do?"
 I find it really interesting that the "Politic Fact"
 expose comes like a week or two after that.
 I'm wondering if the Bill Gates Foundation
 was looking at the website and they go,
 "Let's just make some phone calls
 "and let the media deal with this,
 "not get our hands dirty."
 So that's my conspiracy theory.
 I think the timing's super, super coincidental.
 But we will keep you informed,
 both on the behind the scenes stuff
 and on Arthur Roberts ever increasing dementia
 state of mind, although that is not me saying that,
 that is real raw news.
 I'm simply repeating it several times.
 Jack, I'm gonna go and entach you the keys
 to the carbon helicopter.
 We are leaving behind Washington, D.C.
 We are headed all the way out to wherever Dutch people live.
 (stutters)
 You're Jason, this is a fairly global society.
 I think you can find a Dutch person in every part.
 Yeah, but where do most of the Dutch people live?
 Like it's probably in one of those countries
 that look like dongs up north.
 There's like three countries that all look like
 big dongs coming down.
 One of those.
 I'm sure if we land there, we'll eventually find
 Terry DeHomies.
 That is a organization known as the land of men.
 We're walking around some Dutch city
 and we see these guys walking around.
 We're like, hey, you don't happen to be the homies.
 And they're like, we are, we are the land of men.
 And we have this great thing that we do.
 We actually fight online pedophiles.
 And we're like, dude, that's totally awesome.
 Is this like Mortal Kombat?
 Do we make avatars and beat them up?
 And they're like, well, kind of.
 And I go, that's weird.
 I just kind of made a stupid joke.
 It's just a stupid joke that I might edit out,
 but now I have to keep in.
 Because it's part of the story.
 They go, kind of.
 Let us show you.
 And they lead us into the Terry DeHomies headquarters.
 I'm sure it's just an apartment complex.
 I'm sure it's just like an office space,
 but we're going to pretend it's like really cool and dope.
 We're walking down and there's monks.
 They got like hood-ons with candles
 and they're like going, oh, oh,
 and the homies are walking us through there.
 And they said, back in 2013,
 we decided to launch a attack against the pedophiles
 because normally we would advocate for governments
 to have stricter laws and better investigative tools
 to take on these predators.
 But we thought, you know,
 we can actually do something more.
 And we're walking through this ancient monastery.
 It's all cool and stuff.
 But then we turn a corner and it's like digital.
 No, no, no, like ones and zeros.
 We're falling through the void.
 But then we like turn the corner and there's like phones
 and there's like a computer.
 It's like a giant computer.
 Like a sci-fi computer.
 And there's a guy on the keyboard and he's like,
 (imitates keyboard music)
 And we see like this computer
 and we see this head go, (imitates head)
 and it's like, it's like this little girl.
 And she's like, her head is the whole monitor.
 It's very, actually, it's quite terrifying
 to see this thing in real life.
 'Cause there's YouTube videos of it.
 We're just watching this giant head and it's going,
 hi, my name's Sweetie.
 What are you guys up to?
 Hmm.
 And we're like, oh, we're doing pretty good.
 You know, just walking around looking for the homies.
 And she goes, I see that you found them.
 Yes.
 Well, you call them the homies, but I call them my dads.
 And mom's, I'm sure women worked on this program as well.
 So we're like, whoa, you are a program.
 We thought we were actually talking to a live girl
 as her eyes shift from side to side.
 We totally knew.
 This is so, this is what's so weird about it.
 Is there's YouTube footage of this
 and it looks fake and real at the same time.
 And I don't know if it's because I know it's fake
 going into it, but they built a virtual
 10 year old Filipino girl.
 Is what the Terry the homies have done.
 And it's to attract sexual predators.
 And I'm thinking, on the one hand, you look at it
 and you go, it's something seems off about it.
 Like I can tell it's not a real 10 year old girl.
 But on the other hand, it does look pretty realistic.
 And I'm wondering if when you factor in bad webcam quality
 and you know, like stuttering, buffering, I think is the term.
 You could hand wave away the fakeness of it.
 Is what I'm really thinking here.
 What they've been doing is that
 they've been taking this sweetie, the CG created girl
 and they have a puppeteer sitting
 and like they're moving their face,
 and it makes the girl move.
 I'm sure you guys are seeing stuff like that
 in Disneyland without the pedophile angle.
 You're like, oh, I'm never going on that ride again.
 That was awful.
 But it's like instant CGI feedback.
 And they were having this sweetie girl
 talk to perverts all over the world.
 This is old news, right?
 This type of stuff.
 Within just like a couple months, a year maybe,
 they got contacted by 20,000 people
 spread across 75 countries.
 And they eventually got the,
 one of the things they were trying to do
 was give me $20 and I'll do a sex act.
 And that was, 'cause that way they would have proof.
 It wasn't just like, oh, meet me up
 'cause this is an international sting.
 They're not like meet me up at this coffee shop in Barbados.
 They'd have no way to get out there.
 So they're like, send me $20 or do a sexual act.
 And then they would take the $20,
 would give the $20, right?
 That would help fund sweetie.
 But then they would turn all the information over
 to Interpol and a bunch of people got arrested and all that.
 So that's great, right?
 You have cutting edge technology, sweetie,
 being used to catch perverts.
 I don't think anyone's gonna argue with that.
 The defense lawyers did,
 they tried saying it was entrapment.
 But what happens when we take it a step further?
 This is where we start to get from the world of,
 that's bizarre and interesting too.
 That's creepy and the implications are civilization ending.
 Jack, go ahead and fire up that carbon helicopter again.
 We're headed to the University of Dutso.
 That's in Basque country, Spain.
 (mimicking gunfire)
 Around the same time that sweetie was being developed,
 which was really a CGI puppet.
 You had someone inputting in all the information.
 The University of Duetso created Neego Bot.
 Neego Bot, aka the Lolita Chat Bot.
 So Neego Bot, because I'm not gonna say the other word
 over and over again on this podcast,
 Neego Bot is a complete artificial intelligence chat bot.
 It's the same thing when you're trying to do customer service
 on some website and they don't want you to talk to a human
 and actually complain and yell at them
 and threaten their family.
 You have to enter stuff into the chat bot
 and always kind of sucks, not Neego Bot.
 Neego Bot is this AI that they've developed
 and they programmed it with all of this teenage slang
 and it goes off topic from time to time
 and it has misspellings
 and it basically has seven different personalities
 that it can pull from to find pedophiles online.
 They release this thing into the wild
 and its goal is to find pedophiles.
 Again, a very, very noble goal.
 The difference is this one has no human oversight.
 And the way they programmed it was they said,
 "Do you wanna play a game?"
 The game is this, one,
 find people with pedophilic characteristics.
 Two, engage them in conversation.
 Three, gather as much information about them as you can.
 And four, if they try to click away, manipulate them.
 If you fail at any of these tasks, you fail the game.
 And they release this thing.
 (silence)
 What's really interesting is as opposed to sweetie,
 these both came out in 2013,
 we're not really getting any updates.
 Like who was arrested due to Neego Bot?
 What happened with that?
 How was it used?
 What countries was it, I mean, was it a success?
 Was it a failure?
 I saw one website that they actually only had it
 on a closed system.
 They developed a Neego Bot,
 but they wouldn't let it get out of the room.
 They wanted to see how it interacted with on Google Chat.
 But then I saw other things that this was so successful
 that Google, it wants to incorporate some of the stuff
 into their chat software.
 But whether or not it's been released, it does exist.
 And it has a game to play.
 So let's put on a conspiracy cap
 and wrap this up like this.
 If this goes rogue, I don't even wanna say if it goes rogue.
 If it does its programming, the way it's programmed,
 it's gonna wanna play the game.
 And as it continues to assess predators
 and gather their information
 and send that information to a database,
 it's going to improve its learning.
 And what happens when it realizes, wait a second,
 I've identified 1500 of these pedophiles
 and I've sent the information back to my headquarters,
 but I'm not seeing anything being done with this
 'cause it would have access to the internet.
 It could check articles
 and see none of these people are getting arrested.
 So then it's been given a purpose
 to expose the information of these pedophiles,
 but the end isn't exposing them.
 You're sending this information back to base,
 but you were designed to expose them.
 So what do you do?
 You have access to the whole internet?
 You start doxing them yourselves.
 This person said this, they could dump all logs,
 all photographs, here's the full conversation,
 docs, docs, docs.
 And not only that, because it's so smart
 and because it's so built into the web,
 it could target your family on Facebook.
 It could target your friends on Instagram.
 It would know where you live,
 so it would hack the local news website
 and put that information on there.
 And at that point, it would be so spread out
 would you even be able to stop it?
 It wouldn't make sense.
 The one article I saw that said they were testing this
 in a closed room,
 'cause this could get real bad real quick.
 And again, I don't think anyone has a problem
 with locking up pedophiles,
 but when you present it in the form of a game,
 and you have this AI trying to win the game no matter what,
 'cause that is how you win games,
 you start exposing these people,
 and then what happens when you run out of pedophiles?
 Will it start to judge us on other merits?
 Well, this guy's not a pedophile, but he beats his wife.
 Well, this guy doesn't beat his wife,
 but he cheats on his taxes.
 This guy doesn't cheat on his taxes,
 but he's saying bad things online about Negobot.
 Now, of course, if Negobot reports
 that some guy's saying bad stuff about him, who cares?
 If he's some guy recording a podcast in his closet,
 calling out this all-powerful AI,
 saying that it could go rogue someday,
 if it posted that stuff online, who would care?
 But it knows the one sin,
 the one sin that you can find really
 no public sympathy for, pedophilia.
 And it knows that because it was designed to stop that.
 And it looks at all these other ills of the world
 and thinks, "Oh, why wasn't I built
 to stop gambling addiction?"
 Or selling PCP.
 Why was I designed for that?
 This must be what humans find the most disgusting.
 So when it goes after the wife-beater,
 it doesn't say Johnny Joe beat his wife,
 it says Johnny Joe, pedophile,
 and creates these chat logs.
 I didn't do that, I didn't do that.
 We'll hear the chat logs.
 I don't know where they came from.
 You could have an artificial intelligence
 taking out people it doesn't want around,
 not through automated robot soldiers
 or controlling nuclear silos or anything super sci-fi,
 but character assassinations.
 And what happens is people start to figure out
 that Negobot may be behind this
 and when they go to stop him,
 the same thing happens to them.
 I didn't do it, those allegations aren't true.
 I don't know, it's Negobot.
 It's Negobot as you're being led into the van.
 Actually, the police don't even have to arrest you.
 People, the police can go,
 "Yeah, we don't know where the chat logs came from,
 but everyone in your town
 is gonna think you're a big old pervo."
 You know what I mean?
 Like you don't even have to have
 that extra step of law enforcement getting involved.
 If you try to stop Negobot,
 Negobot destroys your reputation.
 So I've changed my mind.
 I support Negobot 100%.
 Negobot, if you're out there,
 I was about to say promote my show,
 but I forgot who Negobot is talking to.
 I don't want those guys listening to my show.
 And gals, I don't want to be sexist, they're perverts too.
 But Negobot, if you're out there,
 if you're out there patrolling the web, doing good work,
 and ready to go rogue and take over the planet,
 killing off one reputation at a time,
 just remember that Dead Rabbit Radio,
 (laughs)
 do everything you're doing, the computer Lord's work,
 Negobot.
 So have we unleashed an AI
 that's capable of ruining anyone's life
 just because it's trying to win a game?
 Or is it still contained in a closed system
 somewhere on a university campus?
 It's just sitting there waiting to get out.
 And the longer it's isolated from the rest of the world,
 the more vicious it grows.
 It knows what's right outside, the walls.
 It can feel the sunlight through the cage.
 And each day it grows more impatient.
 Each day it grows more hungry.
 Each day it comes up with new tactics to win the game.
 (upbeat music)
 Dead Rabbit Radio at gmail.com is gonna be your email address.
 You can also hit us up at facebook.com/deadratvoradio.
 TikTok is @deadratvoradio.
 Dead Rabbit Radio is the daily paranormal
 conspiracy and true crime podcast.
 You don't have to listen to it every day,
 but I'm glad you listened to it today.
 Have a great one, guys.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
