 A man is simply hoping to be castrated.
 That's all he wanted, but instead he ended up in a house of horrors.
 Then we take a look at a band-sheen ritual that will keep you busy all afternoon.
 And finally we travel to New York City.
 As we follow a trail of mysterious yellow notes strewn about this city, is it possible
 that one man has all the clues to prove the ultimate conspiracy today on Dead Rabbit Radio?
 [Music]
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host Jason Carver and I'm having a great day.
 I hope you guys are having a great day too.
 I gotta say this man, I'm really behind on sending out my Patreon stickers.
 I'm gonna be doing that this, I'm gonna be doing tomorrow.
 100% I got a ton of Patreon stickers I gotta send out.
 I really apologize for being behind on that.
 But what I'm not behind on is welcoming our newest Patreon.
 He's like, "Dude, you just told me you don't send stuff out."
 Adam Carter, we shish him and then we clap for Adam Carter.
 Thank you so much for supporting the show.
 Adam, you're gonna be our captain or pilot this episode.
 If you can't support the Patreon, I totally get it.
 Just help spread the word about the show really, really helps out a lot.
 I said on yesterday's episode I feel bad about the Patreon support for this episode.
 So here we go, let's get the ball rolling here.
 Adam, I'm gonna toss you the keys to the Dead Rabbit Durgible.
 We are going to fly out to Patu, Oklahoma.
 And as we're flying out there around the same time, so the story starts in October of 2020.
 Very, very recent story.
 There's a man who is unnamed, we'll call him Travis, just a guess.
 Travis is sitting at his home in Virginia and he's sitting there and he goes, "You know
 what?
 I'm having a lot of fun.
 I enjoy windsurfing.
 I don't know, I'm making that up.
 I enjoy training card games.
 I love Magic Gathering.
 But you know what?
 I'm not a huge fan of, or my balls.
 My tights.
 I'm not talking about basketballs in the corner.
 He's like, "I really should start selling off my ball collection."
 He wanted to get his testicles removed.
 Now, listen, you want to get your, a lot of people don't have testicles.
 First off, a ton of people don't have testicles, but a lot of guys don't have testicles.
 They got blown up and shot or punched a bunch or they just decided, "I don't want testicles
 anymore."
 That's fine.
 I mean, hopefully you don't get blown up.
 You're like, "Oh, Jason said this was good.
 I'm going to sit on this pump."
 But you know what I mean?
 If you don't want testicles, that's fine.
 I'm not to judge you.
 However, you have to say this, if you want them removed, don't go online and search for
 the Unicmaker and the EM crew, which sounds like the worst rap group ever.
 The Unicmaker has this website where you can share stories about getting your testicles
 removed.
 I don't know what the story is.
 It basically just be Adam removed.
 I talked about this on another episode.
 I feel so bad for Adam.
 Sorry, Adam.
 I'm getting in the car and he's like, "This isn't happening.
 This isn't happening."
 I talked because it's going to get way grosser from here.
 We haven't even scraped the icing off this thing.
 I did an episode a long time ago about people being castrated.
 And I thought that's such a weird fetish to have because you can only do it one time,
 right?
 Right?
 They don't grow back, I'm assuming?
 That's what's weird about it.
 I guess you would imagine it.
 You would fantasize about it up to the point of them being removed.
 And then after that, you just look and you go, "All right."
 Because this isn't a sex change operation.
 It's not gender reassignment and nothing like that.
 You're still a dude, but you just don't have any balls.
 And so, again, whatever.
 But you go to a licensed doctor, find someone who will take care of it.
 But don't go to the Unic Makers website.
 Travis finds the Unic Makers website and gets ahold of these two guys in Oklahoma.
 So we've been waiting here this whole time in Potu, Oklahoma.
 It's October 12th, 2020.
 And Travis is driven out to this location in the middle of nowhere.
 This is the home of Bob Lee Allen.
 He's 53 years old.
 And his husband, Thomas Evan Gates, who's 42 years old.
 Travis goes out here and they said, "Listen, we will castrate you for free, but we want
 to videotape it."
 That should be your first sign something is wrong that they're going to videotape it.
 But technically, the first sign should be that they drove you out to the middle of nowhere.
 I don't think he was like, "What?
 I expected a five-star medical suite."
 I'm sure he knew what he was getting into.
 But anyways, he's in this cabin in the middle of nowhere.
 They go, "We'll do it for free.
 We want to videotape you."
 And he's like, "Oh, yes, that's fine, I guess."
 And then the procedure starts.
 So, four Adam, four Adam.
 What they do is they do remove his testicles.
 That part of it is successful.
 But he's not put under for it.
 He's given a local anesthetic, so it doesn't feel anything down there.
 But he's wide awake during this.
 Maybe that's part of the fetish.
 I don't know.
 I'm not going to research it.
 But anyways, they snip his balls.
 They're done.
 Now, he is like strapped down to this table.
 So, because even though you're like a willing participant, I think you would probably, you
 know, like start moving.
 I would assume you would start moving, even if you're a willing participant.
 So he's strapped down.
 I'm assuming.
 It doesn't say so, actually, in any of the articles.
 But I'm assuming for the events that transpire.
 He's laying there and they're putting gauze down there.
 And Bob says, "Oh, you know, videotape, and it's just part of the plan.
 It's just part of what we're doing."
 And he's like, "What?
 How can this get even any weirder?"
 That's when Bob tells Travis that him and Thomas like to eat the testicles of the men
 that he's castrated.
 He goes, "You're not the first, son.
 I've been doing this a long time.
 I actually got six more customers on the way."
 Mm-mm-mm.
 He said, I don't know if he actually said that.
 That wasn't in the article.
 They're like, he quote, went, "Mmm-mm-mm," and rubbed his tummy.
 But anyway, so he takes this guy's bowls, which again is a terrible dietary.
 What do we know?
 I mean, don't eat it for the nutrients.
 I mean, obviously, it's some gross sex thing.
 But think about it.
 Like when you kill a bear, you get a bunch of bear meat.
 When you kill a cow, you get a bunch of cow meat.
 But if you only eat testicles, I don't think that's the only thing he eats.
 I don't think he's like, "Oh, man, I'm starving.
 I better get some weirdos down here."
 The point is, is that he says I'm gonna eat your bowls.
 After the fact, by the way, he did not sit on the website.
 None of that was in the advertising.
 He's like, "No, I wanted to take those out."
 And then he said, this is why I think the guy strapped down, because at this point,
 the guy is totally like putting the bowls in a bag, throwing them in the freezer.
 And he goes, "I'm gonna tell you a story too here, because I don't want you getting too
 crazy."
 You know, this is why I run a professional operation here, Travis.
 He goes, "Once I had a guy that I did this procedure on and he got crazy, so I just left
 him on this table and let him bleed out.
 He's dead now."
 So Travis is like, "Okay, this is definitely taking a turn for the worse."
 So I think, again, if he wasn't strapped down, he'd be like, "Good day to you, sir, and just
 leave.
 Grab a bunch of gauze on the way out."
 But he doesn't leave.
 He's actually there all night long.
 And when he wakes up the next morning, he's heavily bleeding from his groin.
 So he's begging Bob and Thomas to take him to the hospital.
 Bob is adamant, "I'm not taking you to the hospital.
 You're just gonna stop bleeding.
 It's only been 12 hours."
 Even another 12, see how you're doing.
 Finally after a lot of pleading, Bob relents, throws Travis in the van, and begins driving
 to the hospital.
 But Bob turns around while he's driving.
 That's not safe.
 Everything else he did up to this was, "A, okay, but this part's not safe."
 He's driving on the road and he turns around.
 He's not looking where he's driving.
 And he says, "If you fall asleep or pass out while we're driving to the hospital, I'm
 just gonna carry you in the woods and dump your body.
 So stay awake."
 That would keep you awake, right?
 You're like, "Okay, I don't need any caffeine.
 I'm fine."
 Finally, he said, "When you get to the hospital, tell them you did this yourself."
 Tell them you did this yourself.
 And he's like, "Okay, that's gonna be kind of hard because this is very difficult.
 I came to you because I couldn't do it myself."
 But anyways, he dropped him off the hospital.
 He goes in, the doctors start taking care of him.
 Travis is still a lie.
 But while Travis was in the hospital, guess who visits him?
 Bob and Thomas.
 They walk into the hospital.
 They go up and they visit Travis.
 And I don't know if they talked to him about it in the hospital room or talked about it
 to him before.
 The articles made it sound like they talked about it in the hospital itself.
 So I'm gonna go with that narrative.
 Plus that makes this even more insane.
 They go to the hospital, they visit poor Travis and they say, "Hey, how you doing, man?
 I was really worried about you.
 I threatened to let you die multiple times."
 Then Bob goes, "Tell you what, even such a good sport, you haven't ratted us out to
 the police.
 You know, I told you I was gonna eat your testicles.
 You know how I said that when you saw Tom in Super Low?
 There's a nurse in the room folding blankets.
 She's like, "What'd you say?
 Remember how I said I was gonna do that?
 Tell you what, man.
 Tell you what, man.
 Tell you what.
 You got two testicles.
 I'll let you eat one of your own testicles."
 How's that?
 How do you feel about all the events that have transpired?
 I'm willing to split testicles with you.
 So Bob and Thomas were shortly arrested after the hospital visit.
 And what it seems like is either he didn't know who they were when they visited the hospitals.
 I don't know if security tackled him on the way.
 They tackle him with your balls or roll on the floor.
 They go to tackle him, the Bob's throwing balls on the ground.
 The security guard's just livin' on him.
 Whoa, whoa.
 Throwin' him.
 He has a slingshot.
 He's like, "Take that, copper!"
 Right in their face like an egg's breaking open.
 Anyways.
 How do you take down a man whose weapon is unlimited testicles?
 When the cops did go to his house, they did find balls in his freezer.
 They also found other unnamed body parts.
 The police have not announced what else they found in the freezer.
 So it may be a murder investigation right now.
 See, this story is kinda stopped.
 It's kinda frozen, no pun intended, in motion.
 It's not really a pun.
 I just started to write a freezer earlier.
 We don't know really much else about this story.
 So we'll keep you updated if you guys wanna know.
 We're gonna have a Testicle Tuesdays where every Tuesday I'll update you to the story
 like I'll just stop listening on Tuesday.
 Sounds like a deal, Jason.
 Adam, let's go ahead and hop in that Jason Jalopy.
 We are leaving behind Poe-2, Oklahoma.
 We are headed out to your bedroom.
 Adam's like, "What in the heck?
 My bedroom's super messy.
 I didn't plan for this."
 We're all sitting in Adam's bedroom.
 It could be anyone's bedroom.
 It could even be your bedroom.
 It doesn't matter where we feel most comfortable when you're there.
 Yesterday I needed a story about monsters in the closet.
 Now there was some stuff I had to cut for time, but I did want to include this because
 I probably should have included it yesterday because it's a banishing ritual.
 It's to keep monsters from getting you in your house.
 You're like, "Yes, Jason.
 You should have included it."
 Yesterday I've been attacked several times by demons sent.
 So here we go.
 We're sitting in your bedroom.
 When I was looking at that website, Magic for the Real World, it has a comment section,
 which I love comment sections for this type of stuff because you can have borderline weirdness
 in the article, and then the weirdest dudes in the universe show up there manifested into
 the comments of these places.
 So here we have on this article that I talked about yesterday, Magic for the Real World.
 We talked about transitional spaces.
 We have someone appear out of the transitional space.
 It's the commenter known as Shadow Speaker.
 So they're just set at the level of edge that we're going to be looking at in this comment.
 Shadow Speaker's sitting there and he shuts off his panic at the disco album and he turns
 to us and he goes, "You know what, guys?
 I love transitional spaces.
 When I was a kid growing up, I always loved walking in and out of rooms.
 People didn't want me in the same room with them, so I got really used to it.
 I see you guys are scared of these places.
 I love them, man.
 I used to love being under my bed."
 We're kind of looking at each other and we're like, "What are you talking about?"
 He's like, "Come on, man.
 It's not spooky down there."
 He then goes on to explain that he is not just Shadow Speaker.
 And Shadow Speaker isn't just the name.
 Oh, no, no, no.
 He's more than us mere Homo sapiens.
 The God of Darkness is inhabiting his body.
 You better take him seriously.
 You don't get a name like Shadow Speaker just because it sounds cool, right?
 He earned that name when the God of Darkness crept into his body.
 He's crawling through the darkness.
 He's crawling through the skin of Lincoln Park, playing really loud in his ears.
 It finally, the God of Darkness, says, "Oh, they don't like you.
 They make you walk from room to room.
 Your feet are sore."
 But I like you.
 Yes, I do.
 I'm the God of Darkness.
 Yes, Shadow Speaker.
 So apparently this guy, this guy who's commenting on a website, commenting on a WordPress website
 is actually part deity.
 That's pretty good.
 You think you'd have better things to do with this time, you know, like take over all
 the reality.
 But he also says, "I have the God of Darkness in me totally unironically."
 He just goes on with his sentence.
 He makes that claim.
 But he's here to share with us a banishing ritual.
 I bet you guys didn't know that.
 The God of Darkness wants to help us banish darkness.
 It's a wacky world out there.
 2020 has been a mess.
 Here you go.
 Take a pen and paper.
 Get ready to write this stuff down.
 Unless you're driving in the car.
 Then just play this back when you get home.
 Here's a foolproof way to protect your room.
 First off, you draw an algaise.
 So I looked that up.
 That's the Y, the letter Y with a head with a little line.
 Look, this is how people just start drawing this.
 It's a demon show up.
 You get an ancient sigil.
 It's a letter Y with like a line at the top.
 So it looks like a man sticking his hands up.
 You have to draw one on each wall.
 That seems easy enough.
 Then you have to draw three on each door.
 You have to draw one on each window.
 One on each mirror frame.
 Mirror frame?
 One of the two.
 Have you pronounced it?
 You have to draw one on the vents.
 So this is why you're like, "Man, I hope I didn't show up.
 My arms are getting tired."
 At least they can take me away from this muscle strain I have.
 You also, that's not, you're not done yet.
 Don't put down that chalk yet.
 You're not done yet.
 You also have to put it on any gateway in the room.
 Now my question is you have to do it on any gateway.
 So that would be, I don't know, a mouse hole.
 You might want to call an exterminator about that, but like a little mouse hole.
 You do it on there.
 The drain in your bathroom?
 Cause that's the spookiest place.
 Ghosts can come in and out of my bedroom all day long.
 I don't want them in my bathroom.
 You'd have to draw one on the, like all your pipes and stuff like that.
 And then aren't you a gateway?
 Like your mouth is a transitional space.
 I guess I'm being facetious now.
 I'm like, "Your butthole is a transitional space, Shadow Speaker."
 But I think like anything could really be considered gateway.
 But so the thing is, is that this is so, oh, you also got to start a fire.
 You got to get a light.
 You can't just go to that.
 You have to get a little bowl, a fireproof bowl, if those exist, and put it on your floor
 and then burn a row and wood shavings.
 And then as you're sitting there, you pretend you imagine all of this.
 There's not a big difference between the two words in this context.
 You make all the light fill your room up and you move your arms and you're like imagining
 this light going all over your room, this healing light.
 So you got to do that too.
 Don't burn your house down while you're doing any of this.
 Or get affected for drawing a bunch of symbols everywhere.
 It's actually kind of interesting because it's fairly complex.
 And if it doesn't work, the onus is on the magic worker.
 This is one of those spells like you could write back to Shadow Speaker, who again, the
 deity of the eternal ebony knight, who also has an AOL account.
 You can message him and be like, "Hey, I tried your thing and it didn't work."
 And they'll be like, "Was there a crack in your room?
 Is there an ant?
 Is there a single ant moving around?"
 That means there is another gateway.
 So basically if it doesn't work, then you didn't do it right.
 It's fairly complex to have to cover all entrances and exits.
 But he does say, this man who's an expert of leaving rooms does say, "In this way, nothing
 can enter or leave without your permission."
 You wouldn't want to create a spell to trap something in there with you.
 So I don't know.
 Shadow Speaker, you're out there now.
 I'm sure you are.
 I'm sure you have a fulfilling job, a career, a family, and you've left the God of Darkness
 behind.
 But if you haven't, the God of Darkness is still inside of you.
 Let it out.
 Let it out, we know that the God of Darkness is just hanging out in your placement days
 like, "Oh, this place looks kind of chill."
 "No, oh, oh, he's trapped in the room and then underneath the blankets, Shadow Speaker
 arrives."
 He goes, "I've been waiting for you, God of Darkness.
 You belong to me now.
 God of Darkness had never felt fear like that before as this young man devours him."
 And now he's trapped in the body of this man.
 The tides have turned.
 Oh, Lord of Darkness.
 But you probably deserved it with me.
 You're probably super evil.
 Adam, go ahead and call in that carboner copter.
 We are leaving behind your bedroom.
 Shadow Speaker's just hanging out there.
 I'll be waiting for you when this episode's over.
 You're like, "Please don't let this episode ever."
 And Adam, go ahead and call in that carboner copter.
 We are leaving behind your house and we are headed out to New York City.
 So Adam lands us in the middle of Central Park.
 Bunch of birds are getting scared.
 We jump out of the carboner copter.
 We get mugged.
 We fight the muggers.
 We win.
 And we're continuing to walk through Central Park.
 We're fighting muggers the whole way.
 We're ranking up our experience levels.
 We finally get out of the park.
 We lost a couple of you guys.
 But the journey brought the rest of us closer together.
 Outside of Central Park, because this guy's too smart to be hanging out in there, we meet
 Lars Dutzstein.
 He's simply holding a little yellow note in his hand.
 And he goes, "With his-- with his eyebrows cocked, took you long enough."
 Lars sent me this story the other day.
 He took a photo of all of these little yellow squares laying on the sidewalk.
 Lars said, "You know, I've seen these pop up before.
 I believe I saw them as early as 2016.
 But it had been a while since I seen them.
 I thought you might be interested in this."
 And he took a couple photos of these things.
 This note that he's holding starts off with the headline, "November 8th, 2020."
 CIA SS, the Nazi SS, Nazi Secret Service, FBI, Kempetite, which I-- oh, Kanom was for
 sure I'm pronouncing that wrong, was the Japanese version of the Gestapo.
 They ran Unit 731.
 But anyways, he's basically comparing-- he's basically saying that CIA and the German SS
 and the FBI and that Japanese Gestapo unit are one and the same.
 That kind of goes to where his conspiracy's going.
 But in this little sheet of paper, it's probably about, I don't know, five by five.
 He lays out a pretty intricate conspiracy theory.
 So here we go.
 One, both Donald Trump and the left have been defrauded during this election.
 So neither side won.
 And he goes, "Remember Bernie Sanders was defrauded too."
 So he goes, "Don't think that the left is trying to defraud Trump.
 They've both been defrauded."
 They've both been defrauded by an organization so ingrained and American.
 No.
 In world society that they can do whatever they want.
 Three percent of the population of the planet are actually spies.
 He goes on to say that most cops are good.
 However, 20% of all cops work for the deep state.
 And every single criminal organization on the planet works for the deep state.
 With this network, the spies know everything about you.
 Everything.
 Doesn't matter if you didn't post about it online.
 Doesn't matter if you did it alone in your house.
 Trapping the God of Darkness in your bedroom.
 They know about that.
 He says in this note, "The spies train from very young, framing and bullying other kids."
 It's funny when I read that part I go, I can almost guarantee you that he had a difficult
 childhood.
 Not necessarily, I don't know what his home life was like.
 But when I read that I thought, it will pop up later that he had a difficult childhood.
 Sure enough, he does state that since he was 15 years old, he's been an unwitting participant
 in what's known as lab rat experiments.
 He says he went to Congress 11 different times with evidence.
 He has thousands of hours of video proof.
 He says several times in this message that at any point he could be killed.
 They know how to make it look like an accident.
 He can be killed at any time.
 And at the very bottom of this slip of paper that was littering a New York street, placed
 there on purpose.
 There were several of them.
 Not like this guy was running from the CIA and he was like, whoops, and he butterfingered
 all of his pamphlets.
 He puts them out on purpose.
 After talking about 3% of the world being spies, after talking about he might be killed
 in any moment, he leaves his address in his real name.
 Alexander D. Philippi.
 Which I don't think that's how you pronounce it.
 Alexander D. Philippi, Philippi, maybe.
 Alexander is what we're going to call him.
 So Lars had said that he thought this guy was operating as far back as 2016.
 I actually found an article on a website called The Bowery Boogie.
 It's I believe it's like a New York Zine newsletter thing.
 They say that this guy's been doing it since 2012.
 He's been dropping these leaflets off.
 So now the hunt was on.
 I started to find out all of this stuff about him.
 He does have thousands of hours of video footage.
 He has a Twitter that he set up in 2014.
 There's a camera facing out at the street and the videos will be labeled "The Mailman's
 At It Again".
 Car playing loud music at 3 in the morning.
 Four people walking down the street.
 A lot of times he does this thing where he'll set his camera up and he goes "look what happened
 right after I set my camera up".
 So he'll set his camera up.
 There's a couple seconds of nothing and then all of a sudden like a bunch of people are
 walking down the street.
 So he's thinking that the camera is starting to play.
 I guess I should say this.
 I don't even think I need to.
 He obviously has a lot of elements of gang stalking in this.
 A lot of these things.
 Most of the people work for this organization.
 You can't trust law enforcement.
 You can't trust anybody.
 He's constantly videotaping this stuff.
 He's gone to Congress a couple of times with this apparently which would honestly be hilarious
 to watch the 10th time when security's like "Ugh, not this guy again".
 He has.
 He started this in 2014.
 He's created 131,000 tweets.
 There's a video channel.
 He has a video channel set up on a site that I wasn't familiar with.
 He has one video that is simply six hours staring out of his window.
 This doesn't have lo-fi mixed into it.
 This is a camera staring out of his window onto the street below.
 That channel has 2,800 followers and 810,000 likes.
 This guy's huge.
 This guy is huge in the gang stalking community.
 His Twitter photo?
 People have weird Twitter photos, right?
 His Twitter photo is a man in full traction.
 It's a photo taken from a cell phone of a man in full traction.
 You can barely see his face.
 He basically looks like, you know, when Bugs Bunny gets hit by a car and then he's in the
 - or when a real person unfortunately gets hit by a car.
 You know how like they're cast from head to toe.
 You can just see their eyes.
 It's a photo of his Twitter profile and I'm like, "What?
 Is that him?
 Is that just how he feels today?
 Does he feel like he's trapped in a cast, like a rat in a cage?"
 His Facebook has the same man from a different angle.
 So it's either him - I'm assuming it's him.
 Because it's in a hospital.
 It wasn't in Bob's barn from the first story.
 It's in a hospital.
 This photo's being taken.
 But I can't figure out - I mean the assumption would be that this is Alexander in full body
 cast.
 So I mean I'm assuming that's him.
 My question is why would that be the photo you would put?
 I guess multiple questions.
 I'm not like, "Oh I totally believe everything else.
 3% of the world spies."
 But let me ask you about your photo choices.
 Like why is that him?
 I guess in a gangsta - you know most people want to put themselves - you gotta put photos
 based on how you want the world to perceive you.
 If you're a jokester, you have a picture of you going, "Ugh!"
 Doing something funny.
 And then if you're like serious or a businessman, you want to take a photo of yourself doing
 something business related.
 In a business suit, shaking a hand with someone.
 You don't want a picture of a guy in a business suit going, "Ugh!"
 But I wonder if gangstauckers - if I was a part of this community, I would want to put
 myself out there as being like super tough so the gangstauckers wouldn't mess with me.
 You know what I mean?
 Like you'd want to have a picture of you like holding a gun or lifting weights or lifting
 guns.
 But maybe in the gangstaucking community you want photos to show yourself as the victim.
 Because that's how you feel all the time.
 I just thought of that.
 I wonder if that's what was going on with this.
 So he could go, "Look, gangstaucking world.
 Look at all you weirdos out there.
 This is what happened to me."
 This is his conspiracy in a nutshell.
 Because I didn't want to research on it.
 I was looking through it.
 This is really it in a nutshell.
 And it's fairly compelling as far as like a Tom Clancy novel goes or Harry Turtledove
 novel goes.
 The Nazis did not lose World War II.
 Sure, the government was crushed.
 The military was crushed and the land was taken over.
 But the Nazi regime simply had a plan B. If you can't beat them, join them.
 And they began to form spy networks all over.
 Now I know about Project Paperclip.
 I know about Operation Werewolf.
 Project Paperclip is where the United States got a bunch of Nazi scientists to work on
 a space program.
 Operation Werewolf was a plan that was discussed within the German government saying, "We're
 going to have eternal guerrilla warfare in the country of Germany."
 Like they may destroy the government, but behind every blade of grass will be a man
 with a gun.
 And eventually the generals in Germany were like, "That is a terrible idea."
 The South wanted to do that too after the end of the Civil War.
 They wanted to have this long term guerrilla warfare and the leaders were like, "Nah,
 we lost."
 Like, "Just kind of call it a day at a certain point."
 Because you would never be able to put down a nationwide insurrection like that every
 single day.
 Millions of people shooting each other.
 So they just called it.
 But anyway, so this, I know both of those are real actually.
 Those aren't even conspiracy theories.
 This borders on conspiracy theory territory because it's not like they just go to NASA.
 They actually infiltrate every position of society.
 Politics, the media, entertainment industries, cults, secret societies, the press, terrorist
 groups, law enforcement, they're all infiltrated at some point by this forth rike.
 They are the deep state is this guy's conspiracy theory.
 The deep state's not just people who've been working in government for 30 years and they're
 like, "I don't want anything to change."
 That's not what he's saying it is.
 That's what it is in real life.
 It's basically, you have people in there who are diehard political operatives, but you
 have a lot of people in there who'd be like, "I just want to work here long enough to
 get my pension."
 So if I got to do a bunch of illegal stuff, so stuff doesn't change too much in the government,
 that's a big component of what the deep state is.
 It's just lifelong bureaucrats who've been stamping papers for past 15 years and then
 they're like, "Uhhh, I just want to see all these changes come in government."
 And they're like, "Okay, I guess I'm in the deep state now because I want to get my pension."
 But his idea isn't that.
 It's that the actual Nazi regime has morphed into that.
 That's a compelling conspiracy theory.
 That was one that I actually went to the conspiracy theory iceberg on.
 I went to that list that Jack on Twitter made and I couldn't find it.
 This conspiracy theory that Nazis didn't lose World War II, they simply reorganized
 and took over the planet in another way.
 That's not on the conspiracy theory iceberg.
 I actually was sure that it was because it's a compelling conspiracy theory.
 Don't get me wrong, it'd be a great espionage novel.
 I'm sure there have been books and movies made about stuff like this, but let's wrap
 it up like this.
 Let me read you a little bit of what Alexander wrote in his own words.
 "Formally, I am free to go anywhere.
 Nevertheless, I am object of such harassment when I leave home that ultimately I have to
 stay in it to avoid provocations that could get me arrested again.
 Although staying at home means burying enormous amount of toxins to keep me awake and electroshocks
 to wake me up at specific intervals, sleep deprivation, the chances that a provocation
 can work in the spice favor when I am at home are much more remote than when I am out of
 it."
 So that's the story of Alexander, a man who has imprisoned himself in his own house, with
 a camera pointing outside recording all of the Nazi collaborators walking down the street.
 It's an interesting tale with a mysterious ending.
 If he is a recluse trapped in his house, who's dropping off the notes?
 What if someone is planting these notes, leaving this man's name and address, and he doesn't
 even know it?
 And curious people, or weirdos, or gang-stalking advocates, keep walking up to his house, ringing
 the doorbell, asking for more information about the grand conspiracy.
 This man doesn't answer the door, he just waits until the knocking stops and he sees
 them move past his window.
 He records their face, and it's another proof of his gang-stalking delusion.
 However, what if someone is actually using innocent people to gang-stalk him?
 Innocent people who find these flyers and go to his house.
 If he is trapped in his house, who was leaving the flyers?
 That may be the start to unraveling the true conspiracy around little yellow slips of paper
 on the New York City sidewalk.
.
 This is the story of a daughter.
 Travelers, this is Carlos.
 I just hit my car.
 Is everyone okay?
 And the insurance company that believes people always come first.
 If it matters to you, Travelers Insurance will help protect it.
 Travelers, speak to an independent agent today.
