 Could we soon be facing a crime wave of cuddly criminals?
 And then we travel to Connecticut to meet five teenagers with attitude
 out practicing their martial arts late one night.
 They thought they were just gonna have some fun throwing kicks in the air.
 Instead they go toe to toe with the demonic force today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 Hey everyone welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host Jason Carpenter. I'm having a great day. I hope you guys are having a great day too.
 We got a lot of stuff to cover here so we're gonna get started. We got some
 breaking news coming but first off I want to give a shout out to our latest
 Patreon Tommy Davidson. Tommy thank you so much for supporting the show really
 really helps out a lot. You're gonna be driving us around you're gonna be our
 captain this episode. You can't support the Patreon. Totally get it. Totally
 understand. Just help get the word out about the show. That also really really
 helps out a lot. Let people know online. Let people know in person. That all helps.
 Tommy let's go ahead and toss you the keys to the Dead Rabbit Durgable. We're
 gonna take a little flight. This is a breaking story. I didn't plan on doing
 this but it just popped up today. Let's go ahead and fly on over to Rochester,
 Indiana. That's the Durgable flying over. We're not gonna be here long so
 you know take your tourist pictures now. If there's anything to see in Rochester,
 Indiana I'm not for sure but we're here because these two num schools,
 John L. Schultz the fourth. That means there was three preceding this guy. The
 three stooge isn't in this guy and then Donald V. Robin Jr. Allegedly, allegedly
 these two guys decided to shoot up two schools. These two idiots thought it
 would be a great idea to go shoot up two schools just as the school year
 starting and things like that. Somebody, they were telling friends because they're
 so cool and they're like bragging about it and stuff and then one of their
 friends who was a who wasn't an idiot alerted authorities and both these
 people got arrested. Yes it is all alleged so they're allegedly num schools. I do
 think it's funny though that they went and bought trench coats because they
 wanted to be like the Columbine dudes. They even have tattoos of Columbine
 quotes on their arms. Allegedly I mean I guess that's provable right? I'm like hey
 dude show me your arm and he's like I will allegedly lift up my sleeve. I'm
 like whatever just show me your arm. Anyways these two guys are in jail. They
 had trench coats. They had that's not all. They actually had more stuff. It's just like
 there's a bunch of guys who don't like the rain and the cops are like oh boy oh
 wait and they're resting them. Guys were bragging they had access to guns and all
 that stuff so the cops made a move and they have arrested them so far and then
 the county prosecutor goes listen it could be a case of free speech. It was
 an interesting thing. The prosecutor's like it's really the prosecutor goes
 basically when you're talking about like Columbine and worshiping. Let me read you
 the actual quote because it's such a bizarre quote. This is from Fulton
 County prosecutor Michael Mars. He said so I mean anytime anyone's obsessed with
 Columbine yes it's a fine line between free speech and when you cross the line
 but I think in this case clearly what they had done was going to interfere with
 the occupancy of a school. So even the prosecutors like yeah I get it they
 could just be larping. They actually probably see a lot of that in law
 enforcement. People have been like oh I'm gonna make them pay. I'm gonna make them all pay and
 then the cops investigated and it's just like an edgy blog on Tumblr right. And
 the prosecutor again yeah they must come across this a lot. That's a very weird
 quote from a county prosecutor. He's like yeah you know when it comes to
 Columbine sometimes people just really like Columbine but this was more than
 that. So the way that this is going to anyways that is the numbskull of the week
 that's my new segment. That's my new segment. It starts and ends today. If you
 want to know more about these guys and their trench coat purchasing history
 it'll be in the show notes. Okay let's go ahead and move to the actual first
 story. Tommy or flying that dead rabbit dirgeable away from Indiana we are headed
 out to Sri Lanka. This is a story that popped up the other day. The ramification
 the story itself is kind of cute. The ramifications of it can be terrifying.
 Dirgeable going all the way to Sri Lanka. We're gonna go to Aruna Sri Lanka
 specifically in Aruna. There is the Wellicotta prison. It's high security
 prison. It's where they put all their big bad guys in Sri Lanka. It's July 2020.
 This just happened last month. Normal day at a prison at a high security prison.
 As normal as a day you can have in a high security prison. A cat breaks into the
 perimeter. Not a big deal right? Cats and rats and stuff like that are always
 hanging out at prisons. A lot of people adopt them as friends or a little extra
 snack on the side. You know a tasty black rat to supplement your top ramen and
 cheese and crackers. But this cat was no ordinary cat. This cat was a heroin
 smuggler. Now when I first read that I thought that's dope right? And then when
 I kept reading the article I go that's even doper than I originally thought.
 Because not only was this cat this cat just wasn't just didn't have it some
 heroin on him and happened into the prison. He knew exactly what cell block to
 go to. There is a cartel that has been smuggling contraband into the prison.
 Specifically this cat had two grams of heroin, some sim cards, and a microchip.
 Apparently so a Dr. Mindbender could finish building some sort of device to
 help Cobra Commander escape. When's the last time you've even heard the term
 microchip? But anyways this cat is smuggling in a microchip, a couple sim
 cards, and two grams of heroin. You know like the guy who got the heroin was
 like oh this is so awesome. And then the other guy who gets the sim cards he's
 like ah this is okay but I have some heroin. And then the guy who gets the
 microchip is like the total nerd of the prison. Everyone's like boo throwing stuff
 at him. He drops his microchip he's like oh no I'll never find it now. Anyways this
 cat gets arrested for smuggling this stuff in. The question is how many times
 did this cat actually successfully smuggle stuff in? And the authorities are
 like okay here's the plan. We're not actually gonna press charges against the
 cat because that's foolish but we can follow the cat back to its hideout and
 then we'll arrest the people who trained the cat. Good plan right? But before they
 could do that guards at a high security prison mind you this is the level of
 the level of the employees at this high security prison guards going to feed the
 cat opened the door and the cat ran out. So I don't know how many prisoners
 escaped from this prison on any day right? The guards are like lunchtime
 people are just scattering in every direction they're like oh no anyways and
 the authorities they go ah the cat's gone we can't really track it but this is
 what makes this story even more bizarre. They know the cartel that trained the
 cat because they know where it was going and dropping the stuff off and no joke.
 In this article I'm reading this article this same cartel previously before
 using the cat had trained an eagle to fly over the prison and drop stuff into
 the yard. Now in America we've been having an issue with drones flying over
 prisons and dropping off contraband that's cool because it's kind of like
 futuristic but I'd much rather have an eagle dropping me stuff off.
 Your clout in prison would be so high if you're just like standing out there
 playing a little basketball in here and everyone looks up and they're like oh
 yeah Johnny's getting a delivery today and then a little baggy you just hold
 your hand out. A baggy falls in your hand. You might not want to be that obvious about it
 because then the guards are like they hear the eagle screeching they're like
 oh get ready to arrest Johnny he's gonna have a handful of microchips. It's so
 funny because I read that and I was like dude that's super dope. They did end up
 catching the eagle. They caught the eagle. They went to like they had found the
 eagle before they'd seen the eagle flying around and they did a raid on the
 cartel and there was just like an eagle in a cage and they're like hey we
 recognize you. Eagles like gulp. Then I go I wonder if there are other like
 criminal animals and stuff so I went to this article about it's like nine
 wacky animal criminals. That's exactly what it sounds like when you read the
 article in your head and it was like this alligator. I was like oh this is dope dude.
 What does alligator do? It's all this alligator is a home invader. It broke into
 a dood house. I'm like that's not a crime. That's not a crime. I mean it is. I can't do that.
 That's just an alligator. It doesn't know what a house is. It's just breaking in.
 They had a, here's a better one. They had a bird who would sit outside of this
 gas station like this Aldi's in England or something like that.
 Do you like my notes? Do you like my notes for this segment? There's this bird who
 would sit on the sidewalk and the doors would open and close automatically and
 he would just sit there and then once he like had a moment he'd fly into the
 store grab a bag of chips and then fly out and eat them. There okay that's kind
 of more what I'm talking about but I started to think remember back in the
 day you don't because we're not a hundred years old but remember like hearing
 about like the monkey grinders was that there were monkey grinders. They were the
 organ grinders that had monkeys. The monkey grinders is something totally
 different. Pay me a dime and I'll grind this monkey right in front of you lad.
 You know what I'm talking about like not that but you give the old man a dime and
 And he plays the box thing goes do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do He's like cranking it and then the little monkey dances for you
 You're like, no Jason. I was not born in the year 1890. I don't remember that
 I've seen it on movies and read about it in books. Those little monkey men we're trained to like pick pockets
 They're like taking money out of your pocket according to a rinsed to a rintent in comic I saw so
 There my here's my thing with this whole thing. Yes, I am going somewhere with this
 We have animals that just do animal things like a bear is not a criminal if it breaks into your car and steals all your food
 It's just being a bear and then you can actually train an animal to be a criminal
 Where is the limit to that? You know the US military has trained
 I always thought this was one of the funniest stories the military the US military had bred these super smart dolphins and
 they would help detect mines like underwater mines and
 To be funny or like that's just you know like a dog can do that a swimming dog
 but these these
 Dolphins would were also trained so when Russian frogmen Soviet Union frogmen were like trying to spy at US military bases and stuff like that Navy
 Bases they would let these dolphins kind of just float around in the water and they would see a
 Frogman they would see like an underwater spy and they would crush their ribs
 They would poke them super hard in the ribs and you can't swim with broken ribs and you die now that might not be very funny
 You're like Jason that's terrible. That's how my uncle died. He was a frog man. I apologize
 But I always thought that was hilarious, but that's not even the funniest part of that story
 That's not even the funniest part of that story Tommy. Let's take this dead rabbit dirgeable out to New Orleans
 We're going to New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina. That is where they actually had a training facility for these super smart
 Dolphins who was in New Orleans and it was connected to the sea
 But there was these giant walls because you know the military is like listen these things are hyper smart
 We've trained these things to kill people
 Whatever you do don't let them go and everyone's like yeah, of course, of course, we're not gonna let these genetically
 I don't know if they're genetically modified. Okay wink wink nudge nudge. I'm pretty sure they were but they were quote-unquote trained
 Trained at the genetic level maybe but anyways super smart dolphins
 They were in this enclosure and everyone's like, okay, this has worked for like 20 years
 We've been able to keep these contained and then Hurricane Katrina showed up and everyone's like, ah, they're running away
 I remember reading about this at the time. It was a sparkle of joy during that time a horrible misery
 That was a horrible natural disaster
 But I remember laughing out loud when I came across this article as like the researchers and the people who worked the laboratory like oh
 No, what are we gonna do this this huge hurricanes coming and then it started flooding and then the floodwaters
 Started to get as tall as the wall of the dolphin holding pin
 And then it got taller and all the dolphins escaped all of these super smart dolphins
 escaped into the sea and I remember reading an article at the time and
 The basically I'll see if I can try to find the article off definitely find an article on it
 But at the time I remember the military is like there's no way we're not gonna be able to catch these things
 They're super intelligent dolphins that were trained to like look for explosives and kill people
 You don't want those out there, right? And they just swam away
 Selectively bred and trained wink wink trained at a molecular level so they're out there
 So you I my thing is this is like you can train certain animals to commit crimes
 The cat doesn't know he's smuggling heroin right the eagle knows something's up
 He's a little fishy, but because he eats little fishies. Uh-uh you like that joke you don't but
 Anyways, I want to keep it in you haven't you can teach an animal to commit a crime
 They probably don't know what a crime is those dolphins know that they're murdering
 Russians like they they totally are aware of that could you get to the point where week you could train a rhino to smash open a bank vault
 You can actually train a rhino
 I think would be your first question
 But like you could have hippos and stuff because they're like bulletproof for the most part
 I mean cops aren't walking around with elephant guns
 You just like unleash hippos into a city and they're just like smashing cop cars and stuff like that
 And then you go in and you're just like robin banks and stuff like that
 Like could we get to a point where if the military is I've always said this I always say this is the first thing
 I say when I meet somebody
 Generally technology works like this first it works as a military application and then it works as a criminal application
 bulletproof vests
 Invented for the military and now
 You know 50 cent can wear one in a music video, but I mean you know like originally it's a military component
 And then it becomes a quote-unquote civilian thing
 Which can be used to protect civilians or to aid in a crime Tommy guns weren't invented for the army
 And then yeah people were writing their names on walls. I heart dick tracy just a couple years later
 If they're training these dolphins and now we see criminals also training the house pets basically
 To do these things will we reach a level where criminals are just like
 genetically modifying animals
 To commit crimes not just unleashing a cat with heroin on it, but like
 unleashing a cat
 It successfully delivers the heroin and as it's sneaking out of the prison it's all
 And the cat had a bunch of geckos sitting on the cat. So it was completely
 Camouflaged you can never see it although I guess at that point you probably just genetically modify a giant gecko
 But yeah, you could have a suit made of geckos and you're just walking around and no one can see you
 Everyone doesn't wonder what you have a thousand eyeballs
 Thousand little eyeballs on you, but you know it's modern art and you're just walking around it from perfectly blended in
 No one would know no one would know if it wasn't for that handful of microchips that you're holding
 Let's go ahead Tommy Davidson. We're gonna stop giving the criminal underworld ideas
 Let's hop in that carbonar copter. We are headed off to Manchester, Connecticut
 We're leaving behind a bunch of octopi they've taken over the city one of them is standing in the mayor's office
 The mayor's lay in motionless covered in ink
 A brave new world my friends a brave new world
 We're flying away. We're going to Manchester, Connecticut. It's november 6 1999
 It's 2 a.m. There's a man. He's sleeping at home. He's the reverend david w bowser senior
 He's sleeping at home with his wife and then
 reverend
 reverend reverend open up
 what
 He gets up and he walks through his house. He looks at the people and he sees two young men standing outside of his door
 It's 2 a.m. He thinks he recognizes one of them, but both of them are dressed in all black
 And he can see in the road is a car
 That contains three more men
 also dressed in all black and it seems that they have some sort of
 Is that a sword?
 Reverend open up. We need your help. Let's skip to a couple hours earlier
 It's the devil's hop yard state park in east hadam
 There's five young men there in the park. It's late at night one of them swinging a baseball bat
 Through the air the other one has a sword
 The guy with the baseball bat's like oh man. I can't wait till I get my allowance. I can buy a sword
 Guy with the swords practicing his sword moves
 One of the guys is hiding behind a tree. Can you see me yet? Yeah, I can kind of see you move move a little bit more behind the tree
 Can you see me now? No, I can't see you. Perfect. Perfect
 These five men are martial arts enthusiasts
 They just got done with a rigorous martial arts workout back in town
 But they said you know what if we really want to perfect our ninja moves
 We have to go to devil's hop yard state park
 This is something they did this wasn't like a spur of the moment thing
 They're like, what should we do dinnies or pretend we're ninjas tonight and they're like, hmm
 Well, we've never done the ninja thing. They've done this before
 I don't know if they've done it this specific location, but these five guys
 They were all 18 or older by the way
 Like to pretend they were ninjas they were training themselves in the martial arts to be fair
 But they also just like to pretend to be ninjas. So they would
 They're swinging the baseball bats. They would do that to build muscle
 Swing a baseball bat over and over and over again. You get big
 They saw their heroes mark maguire and josecan seiko get totally strong
 Just by swinging a baseball bat sammy sosa totally natural
 We actually believed that in 1999. I don't think they'd been exposed at that time, but
 Swinging them baseball bats now one of the guys there his name is paul punnitowski
 He's practicing his ninja moves having a good time with his friends
 Even if they're not going to be able to take on a roko sake anytime soon
 It's still just a fun night with your friends. But while he's practicing his ninja moves he hears
 paul
 Here's his voice clearly call out from the darkness paul
 Leave now or you'll join us forever
 paul kind of pauses for a second looks around into the darkness
 But he's not the only one who hears it. Paul paul
 Leave now or you'll join us forever
 He stops him in his tracks and he asked whoa, did you say that what other friend goes no
 I I heard it too dude. I heard it too at that point
 Playtime's over right it you may not be the master of your ninja game
 But you can practice you can practice that at a ymca. It's time to leave a place called devil's hop yard
 They decide to leave todd silber. He's the oldest one of the group. He's 23 years old
 So get in his stuff together and he hears
 Oh
 Joseph Robinson 18 years old he looks over it where there's a fence line
 And there's something sitting on it watching them
 He described it as beast like it definitely wasn't human
 More monster than man, but the one word he really used to describe it was
 a demon sitting on the fence
 Watching them everyone seems to be having their own
 little encounter with this
 element that's out there because when joseph goes hey guys guys guys guys guys guys
 I know you guys really want to pack. I really want to pack too, but what is that when paul looks over and sees
 What joseph is pointing at he says he sees a shadow with a jagged edge
 At this point they're on their way out right they're not gonna have arguments over whether or not
 It's a jagged shadow or a demon sitting on the fence. They're leaving at this point todd silber as he's getting up
 He actually gets attacked by this thing. He is picked up and throwing
 Through the air and crashes into a tree
 Whoa
 Okay guys, we really should have left. I know we really should have left when I heard that laughing
 I don't know why we stood around for that to happen todd silber looks down and there's
 Four claw marks on his pants. No. Oh man. My mom's totally gonna kill me
 She's bought me these the other day these ninja pants now
 They all get in the car and they're leaving behind devils hop yard. They all understand something supernatural happened there
 Sean sear. He was one of the kids in the car. He's 18 years old
 He's sitting there and he goes we need to go to my pastor's house. We need to go to my pastor's house
 And they're like what and he's like we need to go to my pastor's house
 We can't go home. You just can't go home something what we experienced. We need to be
 Blessed now. Everyone's like, why are you talking about what did you see Sean?
 Sean said
 nothing
 Sean said he would not he not that he couldn't that he would not describe what he saw
 Had devil's hop yard. He wouldn't he flat out refused. He goes but we are not going home
 You're not driving around at five driven houses and dropping us off and you can go home and play nintendo 64
 But you are taking us to my minister's house reverend bowser because
 This isn't over
 2 a.m. They show up at the house the two men outside the house is todd silver
 And Sean sear the other three guys are sitting in the car reverend bowser opens up the door and these two guys start blabbering about demons
 Again picked up. Oh my god. Look at my pants. Oh, dude. You won't believe what happened
 Sean sears like you got it. You I think it's still with us. I think this demon's still with us
 You got to take care of us and reverend bowser basically does the only thing someone can do when he's confronted by two ninjas and three more in the car
 He goes. Yeah. Yeah. Um wait right here. I'm gonna go
 Get my blessing tools. I'm gonna go give you my blessing stuff. He shuts the door
 calls the cops and says
 Hey, man, it's too. I got these kids outside
 They're not wearing masks, but everything else about them is ninja related
 And one of them has some ripped pants, which is kind of bizarre, but they're talking about demons and stuff like that
 Cops roll up
 And the dudes in the car did have swords. This was their inventory. They had a 38 inch samurai sword three knives a club
 four bats
 dark colored clothing and masks
 The cops are talking to the guys in the car
 Sean and totter out the door the minister comes back and he's like listen
 You guys just need to calm down. This is super weird. So I did call the cops
 But everything's fine and at that point the cop comes up to talk to todd and shon at the door with the minister
 Cop goes. Hey, I need to see your guys ID. That's standard procedure, right? I've been pulled over a hundred times
 I've had my ID popped a hundred times. It's just a standard procedure
 Sean
 starts to shake
 and then starts to resist
 the officers commands
 Now I don't know if they both took a position and then it was ninja versus cop training
 It was something dope like that. It was probably just two people kind of pushing each other, but
 There was definitely a scuffle todd's trying to break shon and the police officer up guys guys
 What are you doing? What are you doing? No, he's doing a flying jump kick. Why is it super dramatic?
 We'll just pretend it was right
 But it doesn't matter whether or not it was on the level of enter the dragon or it was just a guy getting pushed and then
 push another person because
 Sean ends up collapsing
 Everyone gets arrested right even Sean is just like laying there. Sean is having a
 Diabetic fit like low blood sugar or something like that. That's why he began shaking in the beginning
 And maybe maybe diabetics like fighting with police. I don't know
 But he had it had it was complications due to diabetes is what it was called
 He's treated for that
 cops arrest everyone
 Todd and Sean are charged with interfering with the police and all the friends were charged with breach of peace and carrying dangerous
 Weapon now like I said this happened back in 1999. It was in the newspaper. It was in the current
 Which is a newspaper out in Connecticut. It's all in the show notes
 So I don't know. I don't think these guys actually did any hard time for it
 I don't know if these guys are still in jail right now just waiting for their cat delivered heroine
 Probably not of these charges most likely probably got dropped on some level or another
 I don't know if Sean's been cured of his diabetes or if it's still something has to deal with but
 There's an interesting footnote to this whole story
 Sean starts scuffling with the cop. Let's go back to that part
 Sean shaking he starts scuffling with the cop. He collapses
 and that's all kind of chalked up to him having an issue with
 Um low blood sugar and shaking and all that stuff fighting with the cop again
 Maybe that's a normal diabetes symptom
 But afterwards his friends were like Sean why in the world?
 Did you think it would be a good idea to take on that cop?
 Why in the world after everything that had happened everything? We're just going to check our IDs
 Why'd you start fighting with the cops?
 And Sean looks over at him and goes
 That's what I saw
 They're like what he's like
 When we were at devil's hop yard remember I didn't tell anyone what I saw
 I saw this
 saw this thing
 And when the officer approached us at the doorstep he became that thing
 That wasn't a cop
 That came to that doorstep
 That was a demon
 It's possible that Sean was starting to have some sort of complications due to low blood sugar
 And hallucinating I don't know if that's a symptom of diabetes
 But a skeptic could say he was a low blood sugar high
 Adrenaline event
 All this stuff he's seen stuff
 Goes up on this cop
 But here's another more chilling way and we'll end it like this
 Sean was insistent that it wasn't over yet that they had to get blessed
 By the minister
 Couldn't just drop him off at home. This thing was loose
 They had to get blessed by the minister. So when they go to the minister's house, what doesn't happen?
 They don't get blessed
 What if Sean
 Was right and this thing did follow them out of the park
 Leave now or you'll join us forever is what the voice said at the park
 What would be the point of taking over an 18 year old pretend ninja?
 The minister himself would have protections from such possessions
 But if a patrol unit a cop car coming about to do his duty now that
 Is someone that a demon could have a lot of fun possessing
 By the time the police officer walks up to Sean and Todd
 It's already almost in full possession
 This demon is now free and in the body of a law enforcement officer
 And the only one who knows
 is Sean
 and his four friends
 They were training to be ninjas, but instead they found themselves on the front line of a supernatural invasion
 So the next time you're driving through town
 You see those red and blue lights behind you. You know, you haven't broken any traffic laws
 But you pull over it's weird because the cop car behind you looks older. It doesn't even look like one from this
 decade
 But the lights keep flashing and the officer walks up to the driver's side of the car flashlight blinding you
 You can't really see who it is. You can't see that the uniform is older. You can't see that the badge
 Is from a different state, but as that officer
 Asked you for your driver's license
 You have to wonder
 Is he pulling you over because he thought you were speeding or is he pulling you over because he's looking for a fresh body
 For one of his demonic friends
 Dead rabbit radio at gmail.com is going to be our email address. You can also hit us up at facebook.com/deadrabberadio
 Twitter is @deadrabberadio. Dead rabbit radio is the daily paranormal conspiracy and true crime podcast
 You don't have to listen to it every day, but I'm glad you listen to it today 500 episodes
 Season 11 have a great one guys
 Have a great one guys
 You
 You
 You
 You
 You
 You
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [music ends]
