 They truly are like family to us.
 We are so lucky to have these people that just care.
 At Ann and Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago,
 we know that caring for your child takes more than medicine.
 They're not just treating the disease.
 They're caring for Olivia.
 They know my baby's name.
 They make me happy.
 And they make me feel better.
 With cutting-edge treatments and kid-friendly care,
 there's a reason Lurie Children's has ranked the number one
 Children's Hospital in Illinois.
 I would always recommend Lurie Children's, always.
 A man is on the hunt for lizard people
 living underneath the streets of Los Angeles.
 And then we take a look at the legend of the guide trash,
 a black spectral dog, sometimes, it's a shapeshifter,
 that haunted parts of England for nearly 200 years.
 Is this dog real?
 And by calling it just a dog is a little misleading.
 It wasn't a dog.
 There were hundreds of these things today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hey, everyone.
 Welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host Jason Carpenter.
 I'm having a great day.
 I hope you guys are having a great day, too.
 Just a quick reminder, if you missed yesterday's episode,
 we will be taking a break at the end of season two.
 And season two ends on Friday.
 So we're going to do our Friday episode.
 And then we're going to take a break, and we will be back.
 I don't have my glasses on so I can't see my calendar from here.
 But I think it's April 22nd, I think.
 But anyways, let's go ahead and move on to our first story.
 Now, our first story, we're going to go to sunny, sunny Los
 Angeles, place of movie stars.
 I think I've used this intro before,
 but place of movie stars and sexy, sexy people who don't
 happen to be movie stars.
 What is it about waitstwaiters?
 Not waiters.
 Let me back up here.
 What is it about waitresses that is so hot?
 Like, a lot of times you go in to a restaurant
 and you'll see some hot women dining there.
 But what is it about waitresses that make them so hot?
 Is there uniforms?
 Is it the fact that they're serving me?
 I don't know.
 But waitresses are generally the hottest people in the building.
 But we're going that long segue side.
 We're going to sunny, sunny Los Angeles.
 So let's just walk there.
 Let's just walk.
 It's a nice walk from Oregon to California.
 We can do it.
 The settlers did it.
 They had horses and wagons.
 But let-- OK, that's enough.
 That's enough.
 Let's go to Los Angeles.
 And that is where we are going to explore the mystery of the man
 who tried to find reptiles underneath the city
 streets of Los Angeles.
 Back in the year-- imagine you are in the year 1934.
 You pick up a copy of the Los Angeles Times,
 the esteemed newspaper, the record for the city of Los
 Angeles.
 And you open it up.
 And on the front page, it reads this headline,
 "Lizard People's Catacomb City."
 You're like, what?
 Why is this in the front page of the Los Angeles Times?
 But this was actually an ongoing thing in this city.
 So what happened was there was this guy named George Warren
 Schufeld.
 And he thought-- well, he believed.
 He didn't just think it.
 He wasn't like, oh, I got a theory.
 He truly believed that there was a race of ancient humanoid
 lizards living underneath the city of LA.
 He had heard an old Native American legend
 from a friend of his.
 So I mean, that's always the best way
 to get your information.
 And he invented this device called a radio x-ray machine.
 So basically, he was taking it around town.
 And he said it was like a ground penetrating radar.
 But radar didn't exist.
 So he was just saying that this is what it does.
 It's going underneath the ground.
 And it's showing that there's these huge catacombs
 underneath the city.
 Now, nowadays, not only would that not
 be in the front page of the LA Times,
 that guy would be regarded as a total kook.
 He'd have his own website.
 But he would be regarded as a kook.
 It wouldn't get any mainstream press.
 But back then, people were--
 he went to the county border supervisors and said,
 hey, do you mind if I start digging up parts of LA
 to find the secret catacomb system?
 And they approved it.
 They said, yeah, sure, dude.
 There's nothing else going on.
 And now, to be fair, Los Angeles wasn't the booming city
 it is today.
 But it was still fairly large.
 But they gave him permission.
 They said, yeah, we don't want you digging up Hollywood
 and Vine.
 But you can dig up in certain areas
 where the business owners give you permission and stuff
 like that.
 We're totally fine with it.
 The reason why everyone was fine with it--
 and he was kind of going along with it,
 because George Warren was saying that--
 this was what he was told-- that a bunch of lizard people
 lived on Earth a long, long time ago.
 And then a bunch of meteorites started coming down.
 And they ran underground.
 They had this special chemical that melted rock,
 like hot butter.
 Hot butter doesn't melt.
 It melt rock like pouring hot water on butter, I guess,
 is what I was looking for.
 And the county border supervisors, like that analogy,
 makes no sense.
 And he's like, no, no, no, just go with it.
 But when they escaped down into the underground--
 and this city wasn't just in LA.
 It stretched all over Arizona and into Mexico
 and all that stuff.
 He said when they escaped, they took a bunch of gold with them.
 So everyone's like, oh, gold.
 Now I'm interested.
 Now I'll approve your digging procedure.
 He had a ton of people working for him.
 He had digging equipment.
 And according to who you believe as far as the record
 keeping goes, he dug between 250 feet down to 1,000 feet
 down looking for this stuff.
 So again, it wasn't a couple of guys out there
 with shovels and pickaxes.
 These guys were using boring equipment,
 which is actually quite exciting, to dig through the earth deep.
 Even 250 feet down is pretty deep in the middle of a city.
 Now, of course, he didn't find anything, at least that we know
 of, because if he had found something,
 then it would be big news, a giant lizard city underneath the city.
 And there's all this gold everywhere.
 But he ended up coming up empty handed.
 There's been a couple of things from this.
 One, some people think that the story that he heard
 was mistranslated because it was a Native American story.
 His buddy was Native American.
 There's a guy named Chief Greenleaf, which
 is who I used to buy my weed from.
 But they think that the story actually
 wasn't about lizard people.
 They think that something was mistranslated.
 And it was actually the story of Lemuria,
 the people leaving the island of Lemuria,
 coming to the continent of America and going underground.
 And that's interesting, because we just
 covered that in the Mount Shasta conspiracy.
 When we talked about the people leaving their island
 and going underground and living under Mount Shasta and having--
 so people say that he may have gotten the lizard part wrong,
 but the old legend of people fleeing from a continent
 because it was undergoing some sort of cataclysm going
 underground into America, that matches up to other legends
 that were in that area.
 The second thing to come from this story
 is that some people believe that this
 is where the idea of reptilians based on taking over the world
 comes from.
 They think that this guy may have been inadvertently
 of starting the rumor of shape shifting reptilians,
 of reptilians trying to dominate the planet,
 of a hidden race of humanoid reptiles.
 And they think that really it may come from this.
 Humanoid-- as far as I can remember,
 humanoid reptiles aren't super common in old school mythology.
 They may be a one off villain popping up here and there.
 They may be the guys at Hercules like,
 smashes their backs and breaks their spines and stuff like that.
 But overall, you'd have humans with a reptile head
 or talking snakes or creature like dragons.
 But the idea of an actual human, like a full on human looking
 like a reptile that stands upright like a human walks
 like a human, stuff like that, that's not super common.
 I may be wrong on that.
 And some people may say there is this example.
 There is this example.
 But overall, that's not a real common mythology.
 People who are part reptile, yes.
 Or reptiles with human characteristics, yes.
 But a humanoid reptile is not as common in folklore
 or in religion or myth or however you want to put it.
 So outside of maybe one or two, a few examples out there.
 So they're thinking that this may be why the reptile thing popped up.
 So I mean, some people think because this idea of there's
 a race of humanoid reptilians that are secretly trying
 to take over the planet is fairly recent.
 It had to come from somewhere.
 He was talking about this underground city.
 He never found any proof.
 He swore up and down there's reptiles living underneath LA
 and up and down all over the Southwest.
 This may have been the start of where eventually 80, 90 years
 later you have David Ike writing about shape shifting
 reptilians and tons of reptilians on YouTube.
 Not literally, videos about reptiles on YouTube.
 This may be where it started.
 But the big question I have from this is we know
 that you can find a city and I don't believe in shape shifting
 reptilians taking over the planet.
 But I do have one huge question about this.
 In that front page of the LA Times, by the way,
 I have to remind you, in that same edition, the January 29,
 1934 edition of the Los Angeles Times front page,
 right underneath this article saying that there may be reptiles
 living under the city of LA or at least their dead civilization.
 Here's a headline for you.
 Effort to save kite may cost child life.
 Little kid was flying his kite, got caught in a power line,
 went to go get it and got electrocuted.
 And the article in saying the child
 is in critical condition.
 What?
 Now I'll never know if that kid ever survived.
 That is a whore of-- that's a cliffhanger.
 I know we didn't find reptiles.
 I find it odd, again, talk about a slow news day in LA
 if that's on your front page.
 Tragic story, not making fun of the kid.
 Just bizarre that that would be front page news.
 And it also makes me think they definitely
 was a slow news day if that is on the front page,
 along with some guys digging in your backyard looking
 for reptile bones.
 But we're going to go ahead and leave LA.
 And I hope that kid's OK.
 But again, I'll never know.
 I don't think they have a follow up to it.
 I guess I could check the next day of the newspaper, actually.
 But it's daily podcast.
 I got a lot of stuff to do.
 You know, I'm wondering if that was in the newspaper,
 because how long had electricity been around,
 like power lines in cities?
 Maybe like 20 years?
 No, he's probably not the first kid who got his kite stuck
 in a power line.
 OK, let's go ahead and move on to the next story.
 Now for the next story.
 But we leave sunny, sunny Los Angeles.
 You're like, that's weird.
 The auto quality changed.
 Yeah, that's because I recorded those segments
 at different times.
 But we leave sunny, sunny Los Angeles.
 We say goodbye to the beautiful waitresses
 that we met down there that served us so honorably
 and valiantly.
 It's not D-Day.
 They're just giving us food.
 But anyways, now it's off to England.
 That's why I saved the carpenter copter,
 because we really needed-- we can't walk across the ocean.
 As awesome as it would be to walk along the sea floor,
 we can't do that.
 But we are off to merry old England.
 We go a bit back in time to around--
 we're going to go back to the 18th century.
 So early 18th century, we're going to go back
 to when this started.
 Hop in the carpenter copter.
 [HUMMING]
 Go back in time.
 And now we're hovering over a little town.
 Now, again, it's Britain.
 I don't really know how their principalities are set up.
 I don't even know if that's the correct word.
 But we're flying over, let's say, Yorkshire.
 Yorkshire, I think, is a county.
 But anyways, we're flying somewhere over there.
 Hovering.
 We're in stealth mode.
 It's old, timey town beneath us.
 Everything's made of wood and brick.
 And we see the city street below us.
 And it's kind of bustling.
 You know, it's 7 o'clock at night.
 I'm surprised that this many people are out.
 But people are still wandering around the town.
 And you hear some guy go, oh, look over there
 what your people's going up.
 Look over there.
 And everyone's like, what's over there, a British dude?
 And he goes, it's a guy trash.
 And everyone runs away.
 And we're like, what?
 What's a guy trash?
 We're looking around.
 We don't see anything from our angle.
 We don't see anything at all.
 But we do realize something that whatever this thing is,
 they're scared of it.
 You superstitious people are very scared of this thing
 known as the guy trash.
 Now, a guy trash.
 This was an interesting one.
 This one was actually a recommendation on Facebook
 from Alexandra.
 Alexandra recommended this to me.
 She's actually in Britain.
 I don't know if she's in Britain right now.
 I don't, if you're listening to this podcast
 three years from now, if you go there looking for her,
 I don't know if you'll find her there.
 But she sent me this story
 and she sent me an interesting follow up
 after she sent me the story.
 We'll get to that.
 Now, the guy trash is basically your standard devil dog,
 your standard spectral spirit
 in the form of a big black dog.
 Those are fairly popular in Europe, specifically in England.
 And we even have a lot of legends like that
 over here in America.
 And thanks for the recommendation too.
 Thank you.
 But this one's actually a little more intriguing
 than just the ghost dog.
 Its abilities and features are quite odd.
 Now, a lot of times you'll hear stories about,
 oh, there's a black dog that's roaming around Virginia
 and eats chickens and poops on your lawn, whatever.
 It's just normal stuff that you would imagine
 a canine spirit to do.
 So you either go, well, it's a hoax
 and someone doesn't have a really good imagination
 or it's the ghost of a dog.
 And there's stories about hellhounds and stuff
 that are like these demonic type creatures.
 And then there's the dog creatures that I encountered
 when I was having my dealings with the shadow people.
 And I discussed that quite a few episodes back.
 I think it was like episode 97 or something like that.
 No, it was even further, 88 I think it was.
 But anyways, they all behaved like canines.
 What's interesting about the guy trash
 is that its set of abilities far exceed anything
 that any dog could do.
 Even Scooby Doo would be hard pressed to beat this dude.
 And again, it's funny 'cause I'm gonna keep referring to it
 almost as a singular entity, but it's not.
 There's a lot of fascinating aspects to this.
 But let's go ahead and talk about what a guy trash is.
 And specifically in its dog form.
 It's a spectral black dog, so it's a phantom.
 It usually has a chain around its neck
 and it's the size of a small bear,
 which is quite huge, goes without saying.
 I mean, I don't think they're talking about like a cub,
 which would be kind of cute.
 A grown bear, but like a small one.
 That makes sense, like a normal bear,
 but he's like the runt of the litter,
 but he's not a cub.
 Which would match up again to the phantom dogs that I saw,
 which were easily bigger than me.
 And I'm like six foot seven, six foot eight.
 So I'm not really, but so that would be the size of a small.
 I'm often confused with the small bear myself.
 Like my friends call me Ursa Minor.
 It also had giant eyeballs like saucers.
 So I just imagined that it's perpetually startled
 like zoinks, like these giant round eyeballs.
 But it doesn't specifically say that.
 They're like bulging out of its head.
 Like it just saw a hot chick.
 Just so they're quite big.
 And it had a unique, technically the word was unusual roar,
 unlike that of any animal.
 So like, (howling)
 So you're thinking, okay, it's a monster.
 It makes a weird monster noise and has monster features.
 Okay, there's, now we're gonna get
 into the distinctive qualities.
 Now these, this description came from a dude.
 And I didn't know who he was.
 I kind of figured it out from his last name.
 There's this dude named Branwell Bronte.
 And I was like, oh, he must know Emily.
 He must be related.
 Emily Bronte wrote "Wuthering Heights."
 I'm pretty sure it was one of the Brontes.
 And I didn't know this while I was researching this.
 Him and his sister might have been banging each other
 or she wanted to bang him or something.
 Like there's this whole conspiracy theory
 that "Wuthering Heights," which again, I've never read.
 But I would have if I knew this,
 that Emily Bronte wanted to bang her brother.
 And so she wrote "Heat Cliff," who's in the book,
 not the cartoon character, but there's a guy,
 there's a romance character named Heath Cliff.
 He's in this book called "Wuthering Heights."
 And I don't know if Cliff is a pun on the heights.
 I'm assuming it's not.
 But anyways, Heath Cliff is trying to like,
 is like a total jerk to this chick in the book
 named Anna or something.
 And then I guess he digs up the corpse of his dead lover
 in the book, in the book, in real life.
 Heath Cliff digs up the corpse of his dead lover.
 What is in this book?
 I always was like, "Now I'd rather read
 a Dean Coons novel in high school
 'cause we got to pick our own books."
 But then it turns out that people think
 that she may have been trying to bang her brother
 that they did bang, and that's all based on,
 like her, she based her book on Heath Cliff.
 And then other people are saying, "No, that's not true."
 They didn't bang, but they wanted to.
 Super bizarre.
 Teachers need to say that stuff in high school.
 The teacher says, "Here, this book is called
 "Wuthering Heights.
 "We think the author banged their brother."
 I would have read it.
 Here, here's this book, "Animal Farm."
 The author was having sex with animals
 during this book as he was writing it.
 They need to tell us this backstory.
 I would have read it.
 But anyways, that's enough of probably
 50% correct Bronte history.
 Branwell Bronte wrote the description I just read you.
 Also, he was mentally ill and an alcoholic.
 So I should have told you that before this description.
 But he's not the only one who's seen these things.
 And this is where we get into the unusual features
 of the guide trash.
 When it walks, it makes a noise,
 which is incredibly unusual for any sort of ghost.
 Like, yes, ghost rattling chains, jingling doorknobs.
 But remember, this is such a common thing to see
 that these existed in almost every single town.
 And in some towns, they had multiple versions
 of these living on different streets.
 It was incredibly common.
 It wasn't like you have to go out to the graveyard
 and walk around a grave three times and say,
 you know, booga booga, and then something comes out.
 Like, you'd be going to go grocery shopping
 and you'd see one of these cross on the street
 and you'd turn around and go home.
 So these were everywhere.
 They were mostly in Northern England
 where these were situated.
 But anyways, I keep going off in tangents.
 There's just a lot of weird information.
 The, well, not the Bronte stuff, but I could have cut that.
 As it walks, it made a noise that went.
 (snoring)
 And the noise was so noticeable
 that one of the slang terms for it
 was called the padfoot or the padded foot.
 Because it would make the noise
 as if it was walking on pads.
 So it wasn't just one person heard the noise.
 They all heard the noise and some people said,
 they should call it the padfoot.
 And you think, why did they call it the guy trash?
 This is a weird detail as well.
 And Alexandra said, this was her favorite part of the story.
 The guy trash as it moves through the town,
 it would be watching you.
 But if you noticed it and started walking towards it,
 it would begin walking backwards,
 staring at you the whole time.
 You couldn't get close to the thing.
 Sometimes right when you looked at it,
 it would simply take off.
 And it would be noticed to jump into water.
 So it'll jump into a well,
 it'll jump into a river, a pond, anything.
 Your cup of noodles that you just cooked,
 you got a guy trash in it now.
 But the reason, and again, this was such an oddity
 to all that stuff, like seeing a spirit
 and having to jump in the water.
 Water is generally very connected to the spirit world.
 This was very interesting to me.
 And it kind of like, kind of trips you out
 when you think about reality.
 Sometimes the guy trash,
 instead of running to the nearest water source,
 would run towards you and then jump and dive
 right at your feet.
 So you think you're about to get mauled by this creature,
 but before it gets you,
 it would jump and dive right by your feet
 and it would disappear as if it was diving into water
 that you're standing on top of.
 And it did that so often
 that that's why it's named the guy trash.
 Some people say that's the reason
 why it's called the guy trash.
 Not that it would jump in there and guide trash would appear.
 'Cause that noise, guy trash.
 As it jumped and disappeared right at your feet,
 it would sound like someone dropped a heavy stone
 into a lake.
 Guy trash.
 That is so bizarre to have such a noisy spirit
 that is so common.
 'Cause we don't call ghosts chainies
 because they rattle chains all the time.
 You have other names for them.
 But this one, if that story is true,
 and they think that that's where the name guy trash comes
 from 'cause they can't really find any other evidence
 of why that name is that.
 Is that so many people had experienced that
 and it would jump and it would splash
 into the solid concrete at your feet
 as if it wasn't concrete back then it was dirt,
 but it would jump into the earth
 and it would make a noise.
 (imitates noise)
 And it happened so often people would be like,
 "What is that thing that's chasing us down the street?"
 And trying to go get some milk.
 That happened so often people just started calling it
 the guy trash.
 Super bizarre.
 It has a lot of elements that really set it apart
 from normal cryptids or normal ghosts.
 The fact that everyone can see them
 is not really known among cryptids.
 Normally they hide.
 They're, I mean, these things will disappear
 when you start to interact with them,
 but you know what I mean?
 It's kind of on the border between the fairy lore,
 the elves and stuff like that
 where people interacted with them
 and they were obviously harmful to people.
 Gnomes were creepy.
 It borders on the ghost
 because it has a ghostly presence
 that you're constantly referring it to as a specter.
 And then it borders on the modern day cryptid
 where it's a creature that defies all logical explanation
 and it's kind of living in that realm.
 And it's funny because it's happening at the time
 when society is becoming more industrialized.
 It's like the last phase of the fairy legends
 and moving to the cryptid legends.
 Very, very interesting creature.
 But you ask, okay, is the dog running around
 is making this weird noise?
 What does it do?
 Which was really my question
 when I was reading the article.
 I was like, okay, so what does this do?
 This is interesting,
 but if it just kind of like walks around town and splashes,
 that's just kind of a weird illusion.
 Well, it can attack you
 and it has been known to attack people.
 Ah, I got my people's governor.
 I can't see.
 But most likely seeing one is a bad omen.
 Now, I can't think of anything.
 I mean, it's pretty much a bad omen.
 If you get attacked by something,
 you're like, oh, I should have seen this coming.
 I saw the bad omen and then it attacked me.
 But generally it meant that you or someone in your family
 was going to experience something really bad.
 Most likely a death soon
 when you saw one of these creatures.
 And remember, these things are seen so consistently
 all over the place that people are constantly,
 it basically in a state of fear.
 Everyone seeing them,
 that stuff's happening all the time.
 It's really, really tough to live back then.
 Imagine if every time you opened the door,
 you saw a bad omen.
 But because these things were around for so long,
 they were seen between the 18th
 and 19th century.
 They really were able to kind of zone in on,
 it's almost like they were able to study these things
 from a zoological perspective.
 They were able to come down to,
 this is what it looks like,
 this is what it does,
 this is what happens when you startle it,
 this is what happens when you chase it.
 This is how it gets away.
 If there's no water available,
 this is how it gets away.
 It's very, I mean, it's quite detailed.
 We don't even know that stuff about Bigfoot.
 Like what do you do if you run into Bigfoot?
 What does a Bigfoot do when it runs into you?
 How does it get away?
 I mean, they can just go, well, he walks away.
 These ones actually have like exit routes for this thing.
 They've also been able to zone in
 exactly where it tends to show up.
 This is cool.
 I didn't know this phrase before
 until I read this article.
 It said that it shows up in liminal places,
 which are basically gateways.
 So it would show up at thresholds,
 it would show up at gates,
 it would show up at tunnels,
 it would show up outside like the gate of a graveyard
 or outside the archway of a church.
 It's very, very interesting.
 They were really able to go when they see it.
 You're like, hey,
 probably shouldn't have walked by that open doorway
 because I didn't want any bad omens tonight
 and there is a guy trash.
 Now it also, and you go,
 okay, well, just stay away from all arches,
 stay away from McDonald's,
 don't go anywhere near where there's an opening,
 but liminal also includes,
 I mean, liminal really is like borders.
 So it could show up at a street crossing.
 It could show up at a county line.
 You could be walking and you could cross your property line
 into your neighbor's property line
 and you look over there
 and there's this hulking black dog
 with giant eyeballs just staring at you.
 So that's why they were everywhere
 because boundaries is what makes up society
 and these creatures would be where there are boundaries.
 And so generally you would have,
 some towns had a guy trash
 and they would be like,
 and then there would be at the same time
 and other guy trash in a neighboring town.
 But like I said earlier,
 some of the towns were so populated by these things,
 individual streets had its own guy trash.
 So you could have someone seeing the main guy trash
 down at the city hall
 while there's just a guy trash
 that walks down your street,
 which is the worst.
 That means you basically live
 in the worst neighborhood possible
 where there is a bad omen constantly
 just like hanging out in your front yard.
 He's also a shapeshifter,
 which again, isn't out of the realm of the fantasy
 and the 40 and stuff like that.
 But the shapes that this guy seems to take are quite odd
 'cause I was like, okay, he's a dog.
 Maybe he turns into a hot chick.
 Maybe he turns into a frog, something like that.
 These are the other forms then.
 I don't know how they knew it was the guy trash
 or a guy trash in this form.
 I'm assuming that it's the appearance that it took
 or the presence that it gave you
 'cause some of these are really weird.
 It showed up once as an evil cow
 and terrorized the people of this town
 to the point where their guy trash basically
 just always stayed as an evil cow.
 Once, and this was another,
 I think it was Bronte again
 in between being and his sister,
 he noticed that in his area,
 sometimes the guy trash would turn
 into a burning barrel rolling down a hill,
 which is so specific.
 And I imagine if you're in the middle of nowhere,
 which was basically how you would describe Eileen back then,
 and you looked out your window,
 if you saw a burning barrel rolling down the hill,
 the first thing you do is to roll over
 and wake up your sister and be like, hey, hey, wake up,
 Emily, look at this.
 And you would think it was a weird event.
 But if you kept seeing it
 and then you weren't seeing the normal spectral dog
 running around your neighborhood,
 you probably connect, hey,
 maybe that might be the guy trash.
 Maybe it started rolling up hill
 or doing weird stuff
 or chasing people around the neighborhood.
 And that is actually not as odd
 as the next form that it took.
 It also took a rabbit, so that's kind of cool,
 but it's not even the oddest form that it took.
 In one town, the guy trash became
 a dirty white rag on a branch.
 So it's just like a branch
 and there's a white rag hanging from it, dripping,
 and people are like, it's a bad old,
 and that's the guy trash.
 That's such a bizarre form for it to take.
 But the people believed in that area
 that that was the guy trash.
 But maybe it stayed up there for weeks or months.
 I don't know.
 It would seem, that to me, seems like pure superstition.
 The rag one, it could have actually been
 a shape-shifting creature,
 but that more seems like one day I looked out
 and I saw a white rag on a stick
 and I had bad luck.
 I fell and stung my toe the next day.
 Therefore, that might be the guy trash.
 And then no one wanted to take it down
 'cause they were afraid it was the mythical monster.
 That sounds a lot like a complete superstition.
 But the guy trash did eventually disappear.
 And some people say it was related
 to the people in the areas getting more educated.
 Some people say that it was related to electricity,
 more lighting in the neighborhoods, scared 'em off.
 It was no longer their hunting grounds.
 It's interesting to think that living in a,
 I know rural areas tend to get really dark at night,
 but it's interesting to think there was a time
 where there was masses of people living together
 and it was like, unless you're in front of a candle,
 it was pitch black.
 And then it was oddly enough, one author, not Bronte,
 but one author said that, he said that the guy trash,
 here's his quote here, "left Horton
 when the district was incorporated
 as it had grown jealous of the policemen."
 That's kinda weird.
 I didn't know it was like Batman.
 Maybe it figured the idea that the policemen
 were now patrolling the area,
 but the guy trash wasn't like a silent guardian,
 a dark knight.
 He was just like this jerk that kinda caused bad luck
 and would sometimes attack you.
 So you're like, okay, there is the legend of the guy trash,
 but what's interesting is there is actually
 a recent news article where a woman was taking a photograph
 of a man walking up a stairway into an NA tunnel.
 So it's like a tunnel that has a stairway into it
 for whatever reason.
 And she takes a photo of the guy for whatever reason.
 She's a total creeper, she has her own website.
 And in the corner of the photo,
 right at the threshold of the tunnel is a guy trash.
 Now, that's what the photographer says,
 and that's what the newspaper is claiming it to be.
 It looks like a pile of trash.
 It doesn't look like a spectral dog.
 I mean, I guess if you really squinted, you could see it.
 But I looked at the photo for quite a long time,
 and I just couldn't really make out the details.
 It was big and it was black and it was lumpy.
 And if that's what dogs look like over there,
 then I think they have bigger problems
 than mythical black omens running around.
 I wonder if spirits can go extinct.
 Now, and that's gonna sound like a weird thing,
 and I'm using the word spirits
 in kind of a general catch-all phrase.
 I think I've always been to the,
 I think I've always had the understanding
 that if elves were real and gnomes were real
 and all this stuff, that they did exist for a time
 alongside humanity and these little alcoves.
 And humans would run into one from time to time,
 and that's where a lot of these legends come from,
 little kids' babies being shape-shifted and stuff like that.
 And I just always assumed, and then they left.
 I have always had this idea
 that it's been this kind of Lord of the Rings thing,
 whereas basically once the age of man came,
 then they just set out his places and for us,
 and they either went deeper into hiding
 or they left our realm or whatever.
 If, assuming they existed, assuming they existed at all,
 I've always kind of had that childlike idea that
 maybe they just, you know, said,
 "Okay, we're gonna leave, we'll leave England now
 as little fairy folk,
 and we'll find another realm to live in, another dimension."
 Little fairy people and their black spectral dogs and gnomes.
 And unicorns, man.
 I never really thought about them going extinct.
 I never really thought like there was a last unicorn,
 which is a great movie, but I never really imagined,
 like there was a last unicorn that was like killed by a hunter.
 I imagined eventually the unicorns just left.
 And I don't know if that's very childlike of me,
 but it's funny to bring it back to this is like,
 imagine that the guide trash, these creatures were real,
 that it wasn't just mass hallucination
 from ergot poisoning.
 And then they lived there long before humans spread
 to that area, but no one was around to notice them.
 And then the humans built up their little towns there,
 and they're like, "We're not going anywhere."
 And they stayed there,
 and it was still technically their place.
 But then night time started to become daytime,
 and the darkness that was their home that comforted them
 was being taken away block by block by block.
 It's weird to think that out of all the species
 and all the civilizations that humanity has waged war against
 and the species have died off
 and those empires have fallen
 and their history completely forgotten,
 alongside all of that chaos,
 maybe there are like unknown graveyards of these creatures
 that either were slaughtered
 or simply just ceased to exist.
 I guess really the reason why I'm kind of having
 this realization now is until I really got to the guide trash,
 I never really thought of these things.
 They've always been more in the realm of fantasy
 than reality.
 And I'm not saying I believe the guide trash is real,
 but I find it interesting how much specific information
 they have on these things,
 as opposed to stuff like the Pombero or Unicorn
 or La Lorna or whatever.
 They're always just kind of these things that pop up
 and people make up a legend about it
 or they hear something and da da da da
 and everything's kind of left very vague.
 These things are so specific.
 It really makes me think that they could have existed
 in a logical fashion.
 And if that's true,
 then we may be responsible for the extinction
 of a species from another dimension,
 simply by turning our lights on.
 It really makes you wonder what the world was really like
 at night two, 300 years ago.
 When the sun set and the world fell dark,
 what lived in that darkness alongside humanity
 for hundreds of thousands of years
 that we now regard as simple fables and legends?
 It's hard to imagine even when you live
 in a rural area today,
 how dark the entire world was a short time ago.
 Did the darkness and the unknown
 create these myths and legends?
 Or were all these stories of creatures
 based on what people were really seeing
 on the edges of their civilization?
 I guess we'll find out
 if the lights ever do go out again.
 Some horrible catastrophe,
 some nuclear war,
 and once again power is removed from the planet.
 When the sun sets on that first night
 and the world again is bathed in darkness,
 we will know then how true
 these stories of monsters and the dark really are.
 DeadRabberRadio@gmail.com is gonna be your email address.
 You can also hit us up at facebook.com/DeadRabberRadio.
 Twitter is @JasonOCarvener.
 DeadRabberRadio is the daily paranormal
 and spiritual and spiritual crime podcast.
 You don't have to listen to it every day,
 but I'm glad you listen to it today.
 Have a great one, guys.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
