 - Charlotte Maina Godhead, I can't wait to see you
 at the Black Effect Podcast Festival,
 coming to you live on Saturday, April 22nd
 at the Pullman Yards in Atlanta,
 hosted by myself and Jess Halaak.
 If you haven't gotten your tickets,
 what are you waiting for?
 The Black Effect is bringing some of the hottest podcasts live,
 like the '85 South Show, Horrible Decisions,
 and Big Facts for one day only, okay?
 For inspiring podcasters, we've got you covered.
 You don't wanna miss the Black Effect Podcast Festival?
 Make sure to get your tickets today at blackeffect.com.
 Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.
 A Russian super weapon backfires.
 A bizarre vandal strikes a small town in Virginia.
 And then we take a look at the story of Turnbull Canyon,
 a winding little piece of road in California,
 but it is no one to hold Satan worshipers
 and drifters who kill without warning today
 on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 - Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode
 of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host Jason Carpenter.
 I'm having a great day.
 I hope you guys are having a great day too.
 We got a lot of stuff to get through today,
 so we're just gonna get started.
 We're gonna go with this.
 The first two stories are actually incredibly recent,
 so I wanted to kind of put them in one episode
 'cause they're really kind of going on right now.
 But let's start off on our journey of the weird in Russia.
 We're headed to Russia, mother Russia, the icy continent.
 I have nothing else to describe Russia.
 Anyways, they have funny looking buildings.
 We go to Russia.
 Let's all hop on board.
 We're just gonna walk there.
 Takes us a long time, but we get to Russia.
 And the date is August 8th, 2019.
 So last week, really?
 Unless you're listening to this episode in the future.
 People are hanging out in town,
 this little Russian town called Severodosvinsk.
 Severovinsk, Severovinsk.
 Anyways, it's a town in Russia.
 People are hanging out in this town.
 And they start to get news filtering to the town
 saying, hey, hey, they're walking down the street.
 Guys like, oh, I don't feel so good.
 I wonder, I don't feel so good.
 My clothes are starting to get a little tight.
 What's going on here?
 Someone runs out of the house and it's like,
 "Everyone, everyone run to the store
 "and take your iodine pills or buy them first
 "and then take your iodine pills."
 We're like, why?
 Their skin starts to turn green
 because radiation had spiked in the town.
 Everyone's starting to mutate.
 People are levitating cars.
 One of them can suck the power from other people.
 So for 40 minutes, the radiation spiked in this town.
 Now, Russia, the government is not saying anything.
 They're just like, (hums)
 So people are freaking out.
 Why is the radiation levels going up in this town?
 But after 40 minutes, they started to go down
 and everyone, whew, and their mutations disappeared.
 And one guy was in mid-flight and he's like, "Ah, it dies."
 Now, so what we think has happened,
 because again, the Russian government
 really isn't giving a lot of details on what's going on,
 what we know and we being the rest of the world,
 you may know more if you live in Russia,
 or a member of Russian parliament, is that there was a,
 like a giant oil rig type platform out in the Arctic Sea.
 So it was by that town, it was by that town, right?
 And they were testing or building some sort of new weapon
 and it exploded and it killed five scientists.
 Now, these scientists have been named
 and they are now considered heroes
 of the Russian government, which I mean,
 in the pursuit of science, they died, they gave their lives.
 But these were like the best of the best.
 These were some of Russia's best scientists
 on this platform working on this.
 And we don't know what they were working on,
 but because of the radiation spike
 and because of the area it was in
 and just general intelligence,
 this is what they believed they were building.
 This is nuts.
 They call it the 9M730 beer vestnik.
 It is known as a vengeance weapon.
 There's a, I was reading an article about it
 and one of the people said,
 the only reason why you would ever use this weapon,
 it's in, the quote was,
 it's impractical for anything short
 of an all out nuclear war.
 It's a missile, not just a nuclear missile,
 but the fuel is nuclear.
 So it has unlimited range.
 It has a nuclear fuel source.
 It doesn't, it's not using like jet fuel
 or anything like that.
 Rocket fuel, I guess is what it would be.
 It's not using any sort of traditional propulsion.
 It's powered by nuclear power.
 This weapon is supposedly designed to be used
 after all other nukes have dropped.
 This is basically like an FU
 to whatever country they're attacking,
 most likely America or China.
 And it's impractical other than an all out nuclear war
 because the engine itself is basically a dirty bomb.
 So you wouldn't use it as like a tactical strike.
 This weapon was built for the last stages
 of a nuclear war.
 A doomsday weapon, an apocalyptic weapon.
 That's what we believe blew up.
 There's another suspicion,
 I thought this was crazy too,
 there was another suspicion that what blew up
 was they were building a missile,
 a top secret missile that could fly
 eight times the speed of sound.
 And just for comparison,
 that's as fast as Iron Man flies in the comic books.
 That is how fast a fictional superhero flies.
 His top speed is like 8.8 times the speed of sound.
 They were building a missile that can go,
 we'll say almost as fast as a cartoon hero.
 That's the level of weaponry that's being built out there.
 'Cause you can't stop it.
 There's no anti-missile system
 that can stop something that's hypersonic,
 just doesn't exist.
 But yeah, coming soon to a neighborhood near you.
 You know, in Hood River here where I live,
 we have Hanford nuclear power waste dump.
 It used to be a nuclear power plant,
 I don't know, 40, 50 miles down the river.
 It's a total mess over there
 and they've tried cleaning it up
 but they don't know what to do with it.
 That is actually a third phase target
 for the Soviet Union, Russia now.
 The first strikes you wanna take out
 like military infrastructure and heads of state,
 chain of command, stuff like that.
 Second strike was big cities where you just wanna,
 so the first strike was basically,
 let's see what we can do to their military might.
 But if we're still lobbing missiles at them,
 they're like, okay, now let's target the civilian population.
 Let's start taking out major cities,
 financial centers and stuff like that,
 'cause now we want to bring them to heel.
 But then they have what's called third phase,
 which is basically like that one, just the effort.
 Let's just do as much damage as we can to our enemy
 and Hanford, or Hanford, however you pronounce it,
 is a third phase strike.
 Basically, if a nuclear missile detonated there,
 it would irradiate the Pacific Northwest.
 It would basically turn miles and miles of soil
 into a giant dirty bomb.
 You turn Pacific Northwest itself into a dirty bomb.
 I welcome the new mutant powers
 I will get during the nuclear war.
 I'm not afraid, but I'm hoping I get a cool mutation
 like healing, I guess I would need that,
 'cause I'd be dying of radiation poisoning all the time.
 Telepathy, I think, would get boring.
 But I want super strength.
 Flying doesn't make sense unless you're invulnerable,
 'cause otherwise you're gonna be hitting birds all the time.
 People just shoot you out of the sky.
 You need to have one of the big ones.
 A lot of people go, I wish I was invisible, no, lame.
 Telepathy's kinda lame because people,
 I don't think, are thinking about you that much.
 You'd be talking to a girl and she'd be thinking
 about someone else, she'd be like, oh, this sucks.
 I thought I was gonna be reading
 all these sexy, sexy thoughts.
 Strength, super strength, invulnerability, regeneration,
 teleport, no, teleportation,
 it's like I'd get stuck in something.
 Okay, but let's go ahead, I welcome my mutant powers though.
 Well, let's go ahead and move on to our next story.
 Next story, super, super short, super, super mysterious.
 Happened August 11th, 2019, so just a couple days ago.
 We're in Henrico, let's all use our mutant powers
 to fly now to Henrico County, Virginia.
 Stop, evil doers.
 It's totally peaceful suburb.
 Actually, no, there is an evil doer in this story.
 This is actually gonna work.
 We're flying around.
 You're like, hey, Jason, look.
 And you're like my kid's sidekick.
 I'm like, what is it, young lean?
 It's a mysterious man and we're like looking.
 We're hovering in the air looking at the student.
 And we see a man walking through the neighborhoods
 of little suburbs in Henrico County, Virginia.
 And he's carrying a big box and I'm like,
 ooh, could that possibly be a bomb?
 And you're like, golly, jinkies, I don't think so.
 That is a TV set.
 I'm like, oh, you are right.
 So we land, the gimmick's done.
 That gimmick was going nowhere.
 We land, we go back in our civilian clothes.
 We've real, now we're hiding in the bushes,
 like a bunch of weirdos.
 We're hiding in the bushes and we want,
 like we normally do in our civilian clothes.
 And we're watching a man carry an old CRT television set
 up to a house and we look at each other.
 We're like, oh, this is weird.
 And he sets it down on the porch
 and turns and walks away.
 And that's when we notice his head is an old television set.
 Dun, dun, dun.
 Now this isn't creepypasta.
 This isn't rumor.
 There is videotape of this.
 You know, they have those little ring doorbell cameras.
 So when people walk up to your front door,
 it goes off and it records what's going on.
 They have footage of this guy walking through the town,
 walking up to a door, putting down an old CRT.
 And he's wearing like all blue,
 like blue work slacks, like dickies.
 And then like a dickies top.
 All the labels are covered up, which is smart.
 He's wearing a big CRT on his head,
 big old tube television set.
 Now, in one night, this guy, or men, we don't know,
 faces covered up by a television set,
 dropped off 50 big giant television sets.
 Now some of them were only like 13 inches,
 but if you know those old TVs, if you grew up in that,
 those are still quite heavy,
 but some of them were bigger,
 some were like 27 inches and stuff like that.
 But anyways, 50 television sets,
 a little over 50 television sets,
 appeared on front porches all over this small,
 sleepy little suburb in the course of one night.
 And it's funny 'cause they called the cops out
 and there's video of the cops having to lug
 these television sets and they're throwing them
 in a big moving van.
 So I mean, that sucks.
 There's their Monday having to pick up all these things.
 But the police said, listen, this is probably a prank.
 We don't know what's going on,
 but it is illegal 'cause it's illegal dumping.
 And the residents seem to be pretty amused by it.
 They're like, it's kind of funny.
 Like someone must have a lot of time in their hands
 and obviously a lot of television sets.
 But what's weird about it is that this happened
 in Henrico County.
 It happened in the same county, different little town,
 but in the same county last August.
 So the same month a year ago,
 someone dropped 20 television sets off,
 one at each different house.
 Never caught the guy.
 He wasn't on video.
 Now they have video of him wearing this television head.
 College prank, hazing ritual,
 TV repair guy trying to get rid of some product.
 Or what if that's not a mask?
 What if that CRT helmet is his real head
 and he's dropping off his babies at people's houses
 hoping someone will take care of them?
 But you see, then police take the babies
 and put them in their impound lot
 and then the babies hatch.
 And the next time you get pulled over by a cop,
 you're like, oh, that's weird.
 Cop walks up and has television forehead.
 And they're just taking the government over from the inside.
 One police department at a time.
 Now obviously that's, I'm joking around,
 but that'd be pretty awesome.
 As long as the television head overlords don't bother me.
 I think it's a prank.
 I actually think it's quite a funny prank,
 but yeah, it is also illegal dumping.
 So if these guys get caught,
 they'll get a fine or something like that.
 It'll be interesting to see if they do it again next year.
 Maybe it'll become a tradition.
 Let's go ahead and move on to our next story.
 Our next story is the story of Turnbull Canyon.
 Turnbull Canyon is a winding canyon,
 little winding country road.
 It's about a four mile loop.
 It's down in California.
 It's in Whittier, California.
 Here's the, so weird USA, we've talked about them before.
 They're a mixed bag as far as their research goes.
 And this was their headline.
 This was their headline.
 Saintness, child snatcher, and drifters
 in Turnbull Canyon, Whittier.
 And I was like, "What, that sounds interesting.
 "A little dubious of the source,
 "but we got Satanists, we got babies getting kidnapped,
 "which I'm not a fan of, I'm not a fan of that."
 But drifters, you got like drifters,
 like homeless people hiding in the bushes with sickles,
 cutting people up.
 Anyways, supposedly this place,
 this bushy little canyon, little sagebrush,
 let's take a walk along the canyon.
 It's super dusty, we're all dirty now.
 There's a tumbleweed rolling by, lizards on rocks.
 Looking at us and stuff.
 Just walking, walking through the canyon, right?
 Keeping an eye out for them drifters,
 keeping an eye out for saint worshipers,
 hoping to rescue some babies, but we don't see any of them.
 But before we wrestle a drifter,
 we have to talk about the history of this place.
 Supposedly it was known as, yes, it's the episode
 where Jason can't pronounce anything,
 hut, hut you conga, hut you conga.
 So the natives in the area called it that,
 and it means either the dark place
 or the place of the devil,
 depending on what translation you go with.
 And the natives in the area stayed away from it.
 That's part of the old legend.
 In 1845, the Spanish governor of Alta, California,
 which was the region there, gave it to two settlers.
 And then the natives started raiding the property
 'cause they didn't want the settlers there.
 So right there should start setting off your skeptics alarm.
 If the legend is the natives stayed away from the area,
 and then they started doing raids on the area,
 and later started working on the area
 that doesn't jive at all.
 I couldn't find any reference to the place
 actually being called that outside of these ghost stories.
 So a little skeptical right off the bat.
 But we got a lot of other good elements, right?
 The past have may have been added
 and may have been like put a little lipstick on it,
 but we'll keep going forward.
 So we keep walking down Turnbull Canyon,
 keeping an eye out.
 What?
 What's that?
 It's just a vulture flying by.
 And then you get a little suspicious
 'cause they start circling us.
 I'm like, "Oh no, that's fine."
 They do that all the time.
 I see it all the time in cartoons.
 You're like, "This isn't a cartoon, bro."
 We're walking through the canyon, sun's starting to set.
 You're no longer scared of the stories of the natives
 calling to the place of the devil.
 You think, "Yeah, it's probably pretty skeptical, right?"
 But let's get into some more recent events.
 So the sun completely sets.
 (cat meows)
 You're around.
 Where'd that owl come from?
 I like it.
 So during the depression, there was a rumor in the area.
 The Great Depression, I should say,
 not just an A depression,
 some guys all sad and a rumor starts.
 During the Great Depression,
 people were having a hard time feeding their kids.
 So this part's true.
 This happened all over America
 and probably other parts of the world.
 Probably happens today, unfortunately,
 but people had a hard time taking care of their kids
 so they would sell them off
 to get money to feed themselves,
 which sounds a little cruel,
 but they're figuring, "Ah, I'll sell it to a rich family.
 "It'll be brought up well.
 "I get to eat today and it's a win-win."
 But the rumor became a little more sinister
 because people said that in Turnbull Canyon,
 these wealthy families were buying babies,
 going around like poor people.
 Poor people around the street corner going,
 "Babies, babies."
 And they have a wheelbarrow full of their kids
 and rich people are like, "Oh, awesome."
 They would buy these babies and they said,
 "I will provide them a perfect home."
 And then they have fingers across
 and the guys are like, "Oh, awesome."
 Goes away.
 Guys buying a bunch of bread.
 And the rich people were really Saint worshipers
 and they were sacrificing the babies in the canyon.
 That was a rumor that was going around apparently back then.
 There is no verification of that.
 It's an easy rumor to start and for people to buy into
 because you did have people selling their kids
 and you would never know what happened to those kids.
 So it basically mixes the fact,
 it would basically demonize people
 who did sell their kids and would go,
 "Hey, man, you don't know.
 "You just go into a nice house.
 "You might be like, you know,
 "getting sacrificed to the devil."
 And guys are like, "Oh my God, why'd you tell me that?
 "Now I'm super paranoid.
 "I got these two more kids to sell.
 "Now I don't want to, but I'm gonna 'cause I need to eat."
 That was a rumor that was going around at the time.
 Again, there's no verification of that.
 We could never really prove that either way.
 But people in the area still talk about these things.
 Even today, there are stories of satanic cults
 in this canyon doing these rituals.
 Now at this point, we're walking through Turnbull Canyon.
 The large canyon walls are steep on both sides of us.
 There is no way out but to walk the four mile loop.
 And you're thinking, "Jason, why didn't you tell me
 "about the more recent Saint-Warsher Wars
 "before I started walking through here?"
 Now it is almost pitch black.
 The moon is just kind of peeking over
 one of the sheer faces of the canyon.
 Super spooky.
 Now, people are posting online about running into
 Satan worshipers and things like that.
 You had one guy tell a story that him and his buddies
 were driving through the canyon
 and they went on some off-road, right?
 (whooshing)
 And they get out of their car and they start walking.
 They're ghost hunters, right?
 And then they hear a bunch of hooded people
 walking behind them.
 I don't know how they could tell you.
 They sounded like they could hear the hoods
 shifting against their head.
 They ran and they jumped in the bushes
 and they saw all these people in black hoods
 start doing a chant right in front of them conveniently enough.
 And then cops showed up and everyone scattered
 and they hid in the bushes and then one more,
 they saw like black boots walk by the bush.
 They're like, "Oh."
 And then the person left and they all ran back
 to their car and there's no police reports verifying that.
 That's one person's story, but that's a common story
 that goes on with Turnbull Canyon.
 People in the area go there for ghost hunting.
 It's fairly remote.
 It's not like in the middle of the boonies.
 Like you could get there,
 but it's also not on the beaten path.
 It would be a good place to go to look for ghosts,
 to smoke weed, stuff like that.
 So people still talk about Saint worshipers there
 as well now today.
 Now there have been murders linked to the area.
 There was a young woman who was shot in the head
 and it took him a couple of years to arrest the guy,
 that seemed to be drug related.
 It was two gang bangers who shot her
 and they set her body on fire or something like that.
 But people just, you know how stories evolve in these areas.
 People stumble across the body that's burned up
 and be like, "Ah, Saint worshipers."
 And then after years of police investigation,
 they go, "Oh no, it's actually these two idiot gang bangers
 who shot her over like a drug dead or something like that."
 There was a plane crash in the canyon.
 I thought this one was fascinating.
 There was a plane crash in the canyon.
 In 1952, I read this and then I had to go find verification
 of it and I came across this guy who said he's done
 thousands of hours of research on Turnbull Canyon.
 This was his account.
 1952, this plane crash is 29 people were killed.
 21 of them were children.
 But see, when everyone saw the plane crash
 or they heard the plane crash,
 it was kind of far away,
 but when rescuers finally got to the area
 and they started digging the bodies out,
 everyone on the plane was killed.
 21 of them were children,
 or the other eight were also killed as well.
 They're not invincible because they're not children.
 When they bought the bodies back to the corner,
 none of the bodies could be identified.
 They were all just basically bodies
 that no one had ever seen before.
 Not like just strangers,
 not like they're out of town or something,
 there was no record that these people ever existed.
 There was no record that the plane was ever registered.
 So it was just like a ghost airplane
 full of ghost people basically.
 And the rumor in the area was,
 was that Satan worshipers,
 like the dark magic of the area
 actually pulled the plane out of the sky.
 The canyon itself wanted fresh blood.
 Maybe the plane came out of some sort of portal
 from an alternate dimension or from the future,
 and it was pulled in via dark magic
 into the canyon and blow up.
 The only thing that is true about that statement
 is the plane crash in 1952.
 29 people did die.
 They weren't, there was almost no children, if any.
 It was mostly US servicemen.
 They were all identified
 because they were a US servicemen.
 We have the names of everyone
 who died in that plane crash.
 We know who flew the plane.
 We know who chartered the plane.
 We know what airline company owned the plane.
 We know the airport the plane flew out of
 and where it was headed.
 And it didn't crash due to magic.
 It crashed because it was really foggy
 and the landing gear was down
 and the pilot didn't know it and it hit the rock.
 Now you could say, well, what if Satan made the landing gear
 come down and the Satan's fog machine?
 Fine, I'll give you that.
 But thousands of hours of research,
 he needed a thousand hours and 10 minutes of research
 because that's the problem with Turnbull Canyon
 is that it's really hard to separate
 the myth from the legend.
 I'm sure that stuff went down there.
 But when one of the stories is back in the 60s
 a bunch of dudes ran this one of my favorite things,
 there used to be an insane asylum in this remote canyon,
 in this desert road.
 There used to be a full-fledged insane asylum.
 It burned down in the 1940s.
 And then in the 1960s, some crazy, far-out, trippy dudes
 was like walking around Turnbull Canyon
 being like, oh man, isn't this cool?
 We got owls and tumbleweed and stuff.
 And they come across the burnt down remains
 of this insane asylum.
 One of the hippies is like, look at me, man, look at me.
 I'm crazy.
 And he sits down in an electroshock chair
 and he puts on the cap.
 He's like, shock me, baby.
 And then the girl hits the switch
 and he actually (imitates explosion)
 gets electrocuted even though the place had
 absolutely no power.
 It was a burned out shell.
 Nothing had existed really in it for 20 years.
 Somehow this hippie gets electrocuted.
 Now, that's not, that's 100% not true.
 There, that not only bends the logic of what ghosts can,
 if a ghost can electrocute you,
 then ghost turning your lights on
 or making your faucet run is so low-level lame.
 Like if a ghost can actually bring electricity
 into a building where there's been no electricity
 for 20 years and give you enough volts
 to blow your brains out,
 I am no longer impressed when people say,
 and then the book fell off the bookcase.
 I'm like, did you die?
 Did you get electrocuted?
 He'd be like, what are you talking about?
 I'm like, do not tell me a ghost story
 that doesn't involve a hippie getting his brains melted.
 And then I'll just leave.
 I hope someday someone invites me
 to a paranormal convention.
 So I don't believe that story.
 Either that story is 100% made,
 and of course I can't verify it.
 People said there is like a bit of a room
 and like a flat looks like something was built out there,
 but other people have said there's no,
 there's no record of an insane asylum out there.
 If that, and I don't, I believe the story's not true,
 but if that story is true,
 it is the greatest ghost encounter of all time.
 It should be, every episode of Ghost Hunters
 should just be people sitting down
 with electro shock elements at that location.
 So let's get to the part I was the most excited about,
 because again, we had sane worshipers,
 child snatchers and drifters.
 I was like, oh, so sane worshipers,
 you can assume like someone walks around
 with a creepy mask on, you go,
 oh, that person's sane worshiper.
 They could just have a fetish.
 They could be a sane worshiper.
 I don't know.
 Child snatchers, that's just horrible.
 I'm like researching that stuff, but a drifter.
 Like a homeless person hiding in the bushes.
 I've had 100 encounters with homeless people over the years.
 I'd say maybe 30% of them are good.
 I've had friends who were homeless.
 There was a time where I lived in my car
 because I lost my apartment.
 I was going to college.
 I lived in my car.
 But my friends who were homeless
 and they went around Panhandley when I was living in my car,
 I would never consider them drifters or myself a drifter.
 We were still in the same area.
 But like I've run into actual drifters
 and there it's always been an unpleasant experience.
 Generally homeless people themselves are fine,
 but in Hood River, we get a ton of them
 because as the weather kind of warms up,
 they migrate, you get a ton of them.
 So anyways, drifters.
 I'm like drifters, my mortal enemy.
 The blood feud continues.
 I should just do a whole episode about my drifter stories.
 And so as I'm reaching for my screwdriver in my pocket,
 you're like, whoa, whoa, dude.
 You're not getting ready to stab that man over there.
 I'm like, you don't understand the war is today.
 But I was so excited to read about drifters
 because they were saying that drifters
 had killed people in Turnbull Canyon.
 I'm not excited that they're murdering people,
 but I was like, that's something
 that I can see my teeth into.
 That's something that can be verified.
 I can just pick up the bum daily and flip through it
 and go to the drifter murder section.
 It's the biggest part of the newspaper
 and read about it, right?
 So I'm reading this main article in Weird USA
 about Turnbull Canyon and I get to this quote.
 Oh my God, I get to this quote.
 And it says, "I live near Turnbull Canyon."
 This is a guy's first person, obviously.
 "I live near Turnbull Canyon."
 And yes, I've heard all about this.
 "It is one hell of a scary ass place to be in
 "if you're by yourself and you aren't familiar with it."
 I remember seeing people walking around with hoods on,
 but I'm not sure.
 (laughs)
 That's a little vague.
 Like, could have had hoods on.
 Could have just had a weird haircut.
 I don't know.
 So where did I leave off?
 Oh, I remember seeing people walking around with hoods on,
 but I'm not sure.
 For sure, though, I know that there are many
 devil worshipers/colds in that area.
 Also, they found some rapist killer hiding there also.
 That was written and I'm reading that and I was like,
 oh, okay, just another piece of the puzzle.
 And then I get to who wrote it.
 They included his name.
 Counterlock.
 Drifting.com.
 And I'm like, my heart sunk.
 Because then I realized that Counterlock
 from drifting.com was one of the drifters.
 Let me re-read you that headline here.
 Let me re-read you that headline.
 Satanist, child snatcher, and drifters
 in Turnbull Canyon, Whittier.
 In that context, would you think Tokyo Drift?
 In that context, would you think a bunch of lowered Hondas
 (mimics car engine)
 going around corners super fast?
 No, not at all.
 Drifters have killed people in this area
 because the road is so curvy, people race out there
 and they drift in their cars and they hit people.
 They hit a police officer, they've hit some people
 standing on the side of the road.
 That is not a, I get, technically, they are drifters,
 but in the context, if you said,
 hey, you wanna go see a movie about same worshipers
 and drifters killing people, you would go,
 oh yeah, is that from Blumhouse?
 What is this?
 Is this some new horror movie coming out?
 And they're like, no, it's Fast and Furious 11,
 where they have to drive their cars
 underneath the statue of Balfament.
 And if they drift just right, they can break the ankles
 of the statue and save humanity from the Satan.
 Go over there.
 You'd be like, what are you talking about?
 That movie doesn't exist.
 That movie would never exist.
 So if someone says, hey, you wanna go see a movie
 about street racing and drifters, you're like, yeah.
 And then he realizes it's about homeless people
 driving cars.
 Context is important.
 Context is important.
 And I came across that linearly.
 I came across that and I was like, my heart just sunk.
 I was like, are you kidding me?
 Those are the drifters killing people?
 Those drifters kill people all over the place.
 It's really bad in Tokyo, apparently.
 My thing is this.
 That guy who I read about, who did thousands of hours
 of research and was talking about the plane crash,
 he does this huge write up on the history
 of Turnbull Canyon.
 He's also on drifting.com.
 So apparently drifting.com, a website dedicated
 to getting the best drift out of your car,
 to living life a quarter mile at a time,
 to beating your enemies and winning those pink slips
 and hooking up with some hot girl in a bikini,
 also has an entire section of their form
 dedicated to hauntings of Turnbull Canyon.
 So I guess Turnbull Canyon is really famous among drifters,
 but if I'm going to drifting.com,
 I wanna know how to get like, nauseous to shoot out
 some part of my car, right?
 I wanna learn how to like, spin the wheel just right
 so I can right in front of the ladies and impress them.
 Not ghost planes and saying worshipers
 and all sorts of nonsense.
 Drifting.com, I have an eternal war against drifters
 of all kinds now.
 Not just the homeless people who harass me,
 violently harass me, but you guys spinning around
 in your cars doing those donuts and stuff.
 And a Monquito, so I especially hate donuts.
 Turnbull Canyon is an interesting story
 because after all, you're like Jason,
 you told us this crazy story
 and you pretty much just said,
 "This is why this isn't true,
 this is why this isn't true."
 The child selling thing could possibly be true.
 The electroshock therapy is just hilarious.
 But what's really interesting,
 and I wanna leave you with this note
 as we're walking through the darkened canyon,
 is that people have come out in the area and said,
 "It's not haunted.
 "I've grown up in this area.
 "Those are just rumors.
 "There are no saint worshipers.
 "There are no child sacrifices.
 "There are no ghost.
 "You guys, you children are foolish.
 "I've lived here all my life."
 I read this, I was looking around online
 'cause I had to do a bunch of research
 on these type of stories to see
 whether or not any of it's true.
 And this one poster was saying,
 "Listen, I've hiked there with my dog
 "all times day and night.
 "It's a very relaxing place.
 "I take my dog, we walk out there,
 "just enjoy the splendor of it all."
 It is definitely not haunted.
 There's no dark magic there.
 There's no baby ritual sacrifices.
 That doesn't happen here.
 But one day I was walking through the canyon
 and I saw a stick.
 And on top of the stick was the severed head of a deer
 that was mounted on it, so I was looking up at the sky.
 And this is her quote, this is her exact quote.
 So I'm not saying that stuff doesn't happen there,
 animal sacrifice to be specific,
 but most of this crap is just urban legend best ignored.
 If the people disputing the urban legends
 have to admit they themselves have seen the signs
 of ritual animal sacrifice,
 that doesn't do the debunkers a lot of good.
 It's possible that the canyon does hold
 some dark mysteries.
 It's right on the precipice of the perfect place
 to commit some sort of heinous act.
 But you'd also have to be aware
 that some ghost hunters could stumble across you at any time,
 like we were walking down Turnbull Canyon late at night.
 You could go there and use the fear of the area,
 use the history of the area.
 Whether or not it was true,
 people believe that the place is soaked in evil
 and it basically could become some sort of topa.
 People think the area is evil,
 so it gets slightly evil over the years.
 And you go to this place to commit your sacrifices
 out of the eyes of all the Prine people around you.
 Gotta be careful of those drifters
 coming around the corner, but they're going too fast.
 They don't see you and your cohorts
 in the hooded gowns walking through the canyon.
 But they see us.
 A pair of ghost hunters goofing off,
 debunking these stories and laughing about it.
 You just have ghost investigators,
 paranormal people, drunk teens coming to the area
 to investigate these stories.
 We came here to go for a walk
 and look into the history of this canyon.
 And as we sit there laughing about the goofy stories
 we've heard, having a good time,
 the cult leader is watching us from the darkness.
 And he thinks, the best thing we ever did
 was start these legends about this canyon.
 Not only did it charge this area with negative energy,
 but it convinced gollible people
 to come out here in the middle of the night on their own,
 looking for some answers.
 When in truth, we were just looking for sacrificial lambs
 to deliver themselves to our doorstep.
 DeadRabberRadio@gmail.com is gonna be our email address.
 You can also hit us up at facebook.com/deadrabberadio.
 Twitter is @jsonocarpenter.
 DeadRabberRadio is the daily
 paranormal conspiracy and true crime podcast.
 You don't have to listen to it every day,
 but I'm glad you listened to it today.
 Have a great one, guys.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
