 Before your peaceful morning turns into this, set aside a little me time and ease into your
 day with Honey Bunches of Oats cereal.
 Those sweet flakes and crunchy granola keep your happy tank fueled up, so when it's time
 to get moving, you're ready!
 With the boost you need to be your best self, it's amazing what a little me time can do!
 So make Honey Bunches of Oats cereal part of your morning routine, and make a bunch happen!
 Pick up a box of Honey Bunches of Oats in the cereal aisle today!
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio, I'm your host Jason
 Carpenter and I'm having a great day!
 I can barely say that with a straight face, but I hope you guys are having a great day
 and I hope you guys can say it with a straight face.
 It's so hot in here, I'm recording in the haunted closet, that's not like the name of
 a studio, I'm recording in the literal haunted closet.
 I gotta run my AC and shut it off, come into a place where the dead has not departed to
 record this podcast for you, the temperature goes up immediately.
 I don't even know why I bother running the AC for an hour before recording each episode,
 but I'm here for you guys.
 You know who else is here for us, he never leaves us alone, he's always hanging out in
 the most convenient part of our body.
 Is there an inconvenient part of the bunny?
 Stick your finger up your nose.
 I want you to pick out our newest Patreon supporter, it's Bougas!
 Everyone give a round of applause to Bougas, you pull him out, he's like, he's like, that's
 not what my name means, I'm not saying I'm a booger, I don't know, Bougas, maybe it's
 like a ghost of a guy named Gus, that's probably a little less disgusting, so pick your nose,
 pull out a booger, name it Gus, Bougas, you are gonna be our captain, our pilot this episode,
 if you guys can't support the Patreon or if you guys aren't a booger, that's preferable,
 but just help spread the word about the show really, really helps out a lot, I actually
 didn't say that in the last episode with Robert Reith, he was the village person dressed
 up as a carpenter, if you're not a village person, if you don't have a sexy carpenter
 outfit like Robert Reith or you're not a booger like Bougas, totally fine, both are
 preferable if you're not those things, just help spread the word about the show really,
 it really helps out a lot, Robert Reith, we're waving goodbye to him as he fades away like
 a forced ghost, and Bougas, we're gonna toss you the keys to the Dead Rabbit Durgible,
 we're leaving behind Dead Rabbit Command, take your salty gooey hands, put them all
 over the controls for the next person as to why they're Durgible, we are leaving behind
 Dead Rabbit Command, we are headed out to a courthouse, we got a court date dude, this
 kind of sucks, so the other day a Patreon, I'm not gonna say who it was, was driving
 the Jason Jalopy a little too fast, a little too wild, got a traffic ticket, now because
 we're all fluffle because we're all a family of rabbits, we all have to attend the court
 hearing and we're here in court, well while we're in this courthouse, we're gonna fight
 this speeding ticket, we get an elevator, ding, and listen man, I've been to court a
 couple times myself and I've had friends who've gone to court, everyone's miserable,
 every single person at the courthouse is miserable, the person working in the cafeteria is miserable,
 the judges are miserable, it's not a great place to be, I was in court, I was in court
 when I ran into a solar plexus clown glider, it's a bad place, interdimensional creatures
 hang out in court rooms, I'll put that episode in the show notes, but you don't want to
 go to court or have anything to do with court or watch the show night court, actually that
 show's pretty funny, I can't make a joke about that being bad, we're in this courthouse,
 you just want to get this speeding ticket taken care of, this very long introduction
 for three very short stories, but we want to get this speeding ticket taken care of,
 we're in this elevator, now we know every time this door opens a weirdo's gonna get
 inside, because that's how the story is framed, and that's what happens in real courthouses,
 ding, elevator door opens, and inside steps, oh good, this guy's actually a US Marshal,
 his name is David Timothy Moon and we're like oh what do you hear for and he's like oh you
 know I'm a US Marshal so I like do Marshal stuff, and we're like okay that makes sense,
 maybe he'll protect us for the rest of this adventure that we're on, this very linear,
 this very vertical adventure we're on, we go up another story, ding, the elevator opens
 up, this is so confusing, the elevator opens up, and inside steps Ronnie Lou Helton, he's
 73 year old man, so we see this old man walk in, he looks like the dude from up, he just
 kind of saunters in, and so we know where the Marshal's here, he's obviously working,
 we ask hey Ronnie what are you here for, and he turns to us and he says, so the other
 day this is totally blown out of proportion, and everything I'm about to say is alleged,
 because I haven't been found guilty of anything yet, but on April 7th, 2021, so very recently,
 I was minding my business in Corbin, Kentucky, and I was walking through a neighbor, I don't
 want to tell this story from his point of view, it's going to sound super creepy because
 I have to keep saying I did this stuff, so this dude named Ronnie Lou Helton was living
 in Corbin, Kentucky, and he's walking down the street, he's walking through the Gordon
 Hill Pike neighborhood, it's 4pm, this is prime time to be like hanging out, doing
 little kid stuff, playing with GI Joes or Paw Patrol or whatever kids play with these
 days, there's a little 3 year old boy in the backyard, look at me grandma, I'm a 3 year
 old boy, I don't have imagination yet, I don't know if I'm a jet or a knight, the
 grandma's like oh great, this kid's going to be a struggle, 3 year old boy's running
 around his grandma's backyard, now Ronnie is walking through the neighborhood and he
 has predator vision, not predator vision like heat vision, literal sexual predator vision,
 he's like he just sees normal, he just sees normal, there's no red heat signature, but
 it's just creepier, he sees this 3 year old boy running in the backyard, and he walks
 up to the fence, hey how would you like to come over the fence Ronnie says, and the boy
 is like probably not, and Ronnie reaches over the fence, grabs the boy's hand and starts
 to lead him along the fence line, now Ronnie is a short man, Ronnie is about 5 foot 1,
 and the boy is 3 years old so he's obviously short, so we're talking like a picket fence,
 but Ronnie is really not tall enough to reach over and grab the boy, but he noticed there's
 a part where the ground on the boy's side of the fence kind of lumps up, and the fence
 is technically shorter at that point, so he's leading the boy over to this lump, and he
 means to pick the boy up and run away with him, as this is going on, the grandma who's
 supposed to be babysitting this kid looks out and sees Ronnie leading this kid down the
 fence line and she goes let go of my son, I mean not my grandson, let go of my grandson,
 she's easily confused, Ronnie let's go with the boy, the boy runs deeper into the safety
 of the yard, now stranger abductions, they're super rare, they do happen, they're terrifying,
 but that's not even the end of this incident, to make it even creepier, I mean this is like
 4pm, it's so casual, you have to think that this guy has done this before, allegedly, he
 then yells to the grandmother quote "I'll give you a thousand dollars for this little
 boy" unquote, that's really creepy, the fact that he knew that he had a number, he's probably
 in the past been like "I'll give you $750" and they're like "no dice" and they run
 away and he's like "hmm maybe I should up it next time", he's obviously, he's obviously
 done this enough times to know a thousand dollars is the sweet spot, he yells out "I'll
 give you a thousand dollars for this boy", they say no, like you should, and the guy
 then turns and gets in his car, which was just parked right there, they get his license plate
 number, they turn it over to the cops, the guy's arrested, he's actually charged with
 attempted kidnapping and because he yelled out a price, he actually got charged with
 human trafficking as well, we're standing in this elevator here with this man who tried
 to abduct a 3 year old boy and then offered a thousand dollar price tag for the boy, and
 it's so funny because if it was just the kidnapping, I probably wouldn't even cover
 it, I'm like "poorine, who tried to kidnap a 3 year old out of a yard, ugh" call me
 later when you find out the old man's really a skin walker or something interesting, the
 fact that he's yelling out a price makes it so chilling to me, he's probably bought
 kids before, allegedly, there's a US Marshal in this elevator, gotta be careful what I
 say legally, but it's just creepy, and the fact that he thought the grandma would go
 "you almost tried stealing my grandson, but now that you offered me a thousand dollars,
 come in for some tea, let's talk" no, he's awaiting some serious, serious charges, so
 we're now in this elevator with this man who tried kidnapping this little kid, that's
 not cool, ding, it's more than uncool, it's disgusting, but the elevator, we're still
 stuck in it, ding, the door opens up, another man gets on, into the elevator steps, Kevin
 Wayne Van Levin, he's a 59 year old home inspector, and we go "hey, we didn't learn
 our lesson by asking the first guy what he was in for, we asked this guy what are you
 in for?" and he goes "oh man, you guys won't believe it, well you guys probably will, because
 there's video evidence of it, but this is my story" and then he does wavy lines and
 we're flashbacked into this memory of his, reluctantly, we do not want to be in this
 memory, it's March 12th, 2021, again, super recent, those chemtrails are finally starting
 to catch up with everyone and infecting their brains, we're in Oxford Township, Michigan,
 Kevin Wayne Van Levin is a home inspector and he is doing what his name implies, he's
 inspecting a home, he's looking at it and he goes "yeah, four walls, four walls, a
 ceiling, perfect, check that down, there does seem to be some sort of foundation or floor,
 yeah it's a floor, he's very very good at his job, he's very thorough, so when he's
 doing his home inspecting, the people whose home he's inspecting, they say "oh we're
 gonna go out and get a bite to eat, you do your thing" but when they did leave him they
 didn't expect what was gonna happen, but they had a video camera and so they're out grabbing
 a quick bite to eat and all of a sudden, their phone goes off, their tone goes off and it
 shows that they had movement in their baby's nursery and they're like "oh no, we forgot
 the baby, I don't know, he's a home inspector, he's walking around the home, why would you
 even care that motion sensors were going off?" it pops up on their phone that there's motion
 on the nursery and the mother she goes "I wasn't really bothered by it, but for
 some reason I decided to look at the video and this is the video we have, we see Kevin
 walk into the nursery, it's very very nice nursery, I didn't even know it was a nursery,
 doesn't have like the stereotypical crib and like the haunted rocking chair and stuffed
 animals, it looks more like some weird art deco room, so that baby's gonna have a real
 imaginative life, but anyways, it looks very Spartan as a nursery, this is now an interior
 design podcast, you wouldn't know it was a nursery, except for the fact that this man,
 Kevin picks up an Elmo doll, this Tickle Me Elmo doll and he is walking around with
 the Elmo doll and then he turns his back to the camera and he's kinda like in the closet
 now and he is humping Elmo and you go "Jason, how do you know?
 How do you know if he has his back to the camera and he's halfway in the closet?
 How can you tell?"
 Well you can tell right, you can tell from the motion of his arm and Elmo's moments
 of ecstasy, it's like "Oh Tickle Me Harder!"
 You can tell he's banging this doll, now he might have known there was a camera there,
 I really hope not, I hope he didn't know, he did turn his body enough that he was trying
 to conceal it from something, but not so much that you know right, when you see the arm
 kinda move in, not Elmo's arm but Kevin's arm and then you see Elmo smoking his cigarette
 afterwards, he uses this Elmo doll to masturbate on and then to make things worse, he puts
 the Elmo doll back where he found it.
 So the idea was that no one would be the wiser except for him and Elmo and there would just
 be this soaking disgusting Elmo in the corner of this nursery.
 Well they were watching it, they were watching it live, they called the police, the police
 actually apparently according to this article I read on the mail online by Lauren Lewis,
 the police I believe got there as he was leaving and he said "Oh no no, I totally wasn't masturbating
 on it, how do you come back from that?"
 You're just standing there and two police officers show up and they're like "Hey are
 you Kevin Van Levin?"
 And he goes "Yeah, yeah that's me" and they go "Did you have sex with the devil?"
 You immediately would think "How did they know?
 How did they know you have red fur all over your crotch?"
 You go "How did they know?"
 You wouldn't think to come up with a cover story that quickly for that right?
 So he does though, apparently he's like "No no no, it was totally consensual.
 Elmo okay, want to meet?"
 He denies it, he totally denies it but then they say "Well there's video of you" and
 then he's like "Okay you caught me guys, you hold his hands out to me handcuffed" they're
 like "We don't want to touch your hands, we know what you're just doing."
 So he is facing, what was the, it was a weird mischief vandalism or misdemeanor, malicious
 vandalism and it carries like a two year sentence and I think because there's the sex angle
 to it.
 An odd part of his bond, he's not in jail right now, he's able to bond out one of his
 conditions of his bond is he can't be in a house that he doesn't own.
 That kind of makes him like a vampire right?
 Like he can't come in your house without special permission, there's this zombie apocalypse
 there like "Come in, come in!"
 He's like "I can't, the law doesn't allow it."
 But he goes and he hides in a toy factory, he's like "You guys wait there, they're in
 like a food supermarket."
 He's like "I'm gonna go to this stuffed animal factory."
 Woohoo!
 The apocalypse has done me right.
 I will have to say this though, the home, I thought this was very noble.
 He's a home inspector, he's in someone else's home, it's March 12th, 2021.
 As he's sexually assaulting Tickle Me Elmo, he's wearing a mask.
 He is very courteous of COVID restrictions.
 It's salute to you Kevin.
 Hats off to you.
 The fact that while you were committing this disgusting crime, you continued to wear a
 mask.
 He should be an example for us all.
 So there we go, we got two creepy stories from these weirdos, legend weirdos that we
 ran into this courthouse.
 But I said there was a trio of stories and we're looking around, I'm looking at you,
 I'm checking, have you been to Elmo recently?
 You have no fur on your crotch, good to go.
 Then we realized the grossest story has been here all along.
 The US Marshal, David Timothy Moon, has been lurking behind us the whole time.
 He wasn't lurking, we knew he was there.
 He was eating a ham sandwich, he's like, "Hey, I'm still here."
 May 2019, David Timothy Moon, 50 year old man, 24 year veteran of the US Marshals.
 This guy had a long career.
 He actually didn't even answer to the local deputy marshals in Phoenix, Arizona, which
 is where this story takes place.
 He, his bosses were in DC.
 This guy was a highfalutin dude.
 But even highfalutin US Marshals gotta buy houses.
 They have places to live.
 They don't live in yurts, they have to live in homes.
 So when US Marshal, David Timothy Moon, was house hunting, he's like, "Oh, this place
 looks great.
 The neighborhood looks awesome.
 I read that thing about home inspectors.
 They're supposed to have four walls and a roof.
 Looks good to me."
 He's walking around this house and at one point the real estate agent goes into another
 room and that is when David Timothy Moon makes a decision.
 He realizes that one of the rooms in this house that he's looking at buying is a three
 year old girl's bedroom.
 Now the girl's gone.
 The girl is absent.
 Nothing bad happens to the girl.
 And David walks into this empty room.
 He looks from side to side.
 He's skulking.
 Now he's skulking through the room.
 He's crawling on all fours like the grudge girl.
 He zeroes in on something in the corner of the room.
 Now I'm going to say this.
 This room looks like a little kid's room.
 To make this whole thing even more disturbing, there's giant stuffed animals and like Disney
 characters and stuff Disney characters.
 There's not like animated characters running around.
 It's not toon town.
 But she has all of this stuff.
 It looks like a little kid's room to make this all even creepier.
 But somehow, if you walked into someone's room right now, would you be able to tell
 what their dirty clothes hamper was?
 I couldn't.
 A vine's on the floor.
 My dirty clothes on the floor.
 But apparently he was able to walk into this room.
 He's probably scoping it out the whole time.
 He's probably like, "Hey, can we take another look at this room and the real estate agents
 like we've been in the room like 10 times already?"
 He's like, "Yeah, but I think I left my watch in there."
 And he's still wearing his watch.
 He's like, "He's able to zero in on the dirty clothes hamper of this little girl."
 He begins, and the reason why we know all this stuff is because this was also on video.
 He begins going through the dirty clothes and he pulls out a pair of the...
 This is so disgusting.
 He pulls out a pair of the little girl's underwear and goes...
 I mean, he's just sniffing it.
 He's just in hate.
 You know how disgusting children are?
 How filthy they are?
 They're the ones constantly picking their nose and picking their butts and being super
 gross and never taking baths and stuff.
 I didn't...
 Man, it was a struggle to get me to take a bath.
 I was 12 years old.
 I hated taking baths and showers.
 They're gross, dude.
 He's just doing his smelling her underwear.
 And then he throws them back.
 He leaves the room.
 And then a couple minutes later, he's able to ditch the real estate agent again, run
 back into the room, get another sniff of these disgusting dirty clothes, bro.
 It's dirty clothes and he's smelling them.
 And then to just make the thing funny.
 Because that's all so gross.
 That's so gross.
 Here's an interview.
 ABC 15, they're interviewing forensic psychologist John Delatoro.
 It was very interesting.
 Quote, quote, this isn't someone who's unsure and needs to look around and try to figure
 out is this the thing that arouses me?
 He knows immediately.
 Unquote.
 Just like the guy in the first story, this isn't someone who's driving on the road and
 he goes, you know what I think I'm going to do today for the first time ever I've just
 had this thought?
 I'm going to kidnap a young boy.
 This is someone who's thought about this over and over again.
 This is someone who has fantasized about this and they knew this was what would turn them
 on with David Timothy Moon.
 It's not alleged.
 He actually pled guilty to this crime.
 We'll get to that in a second, but it's on tape.
 He's sniffing a little girl's underwear.
 Like what is going to say that it's back as it's just on tape.
 The whole thing's disgusting, but as an outsider, as a non-pervo, you look at it and you go,
 why, why, why any of that?
 Did he pick that house because he knew a little girl lived there?
 Is that how creepy this is?
 Or did he just happen to be in a house and see a little girl's room and go, I bet you
 there's a hamper in there?
 Like what is the logic behind this?
 Outside of just the disgusting part of the fetish, there's so many other pieces.
 Now he said, he told the court, it's the biggest mistake he ever made.
 And they believed it.
 They believed it.
 It was kind of like a one time thing.
 It was just like he happened to, I mean, who hasn't been house shopping and been like,
 you know what I'm missing in life?
 The disgusting smell of used underwear.
 That's what's been missing in my 50 years of life.
 He got charged with all this stuff.
 He pled guilty to misdemeanor trespassing.
 His sentence?
 I mean, you can argue over what type of, to me, this is wreaks of no pun intended.
 This wreaks of a sex crime, right?
 No one's like, this is my path to fortune and fame.
 Only in underwear, the only thing that works is like some sort of fetish.
 He pleads guilty to misdemeanor trespassing.
 All he gets for this is unsupervised probation.
 No one's even keeping an eye on him.
 Your hamper right now, your hamper may be unsafe.
 He may be hiding in the shadows right now.
 Trying to get a whiff of your clothes.
 Unsupervised probation.
 And when he completes this program of not being supervised, it's not even a program.
 It was the same thing he was doing before he got arrested.
 This can be expunged from his record.
 No one will ever know he was the panty sniffer of Phoenix, Arizona.
 And you could go, maybe it is.
 Maybe it is just a one time thing.
 Maybe he was just walking through and he happened to fall and trip into the little girl's room
 and then he was getting up.
 He accidentally fell into the hamper and smelled underwear twice.
 Maybe.
 But also according to the police report, when he found out the police were looking for him,
 he threw his computer away.
 So we're in an elevator with these three dudes.
 We just had to pay a speeding ticket and now we're sitting with a guy tried kidnapping
 a little boy allegedly.
 A guy who was banging Elmo allegedly in a man who pled guilty to sniffing little girl's
 underwear.
 Technically I guess he probably pled guilty to entering the room.
 Anyways, so that is that story.
 I actually questioned why I should make that a choose.
 An interactive adventure, I questioned that but I was like, nobody wants to pick any of
 those numbers.
 None of those are fun, but I didn't want to package them all in one story.
 We pay our speeding ticket, we get out of there.
 Bugus.
 Let's hop in that carbonicopter, we're leaving behind all these alleged pervos.
 We are headed out to the conspiracy theory iceberg.
 The conspiracy theory iceberg.
 There's a lot of icebergs out there.
 They keep evolving.
 I actually have appeared on a conspiracy theory iceberg.
 12 inches sent me a video from parallel pipes.
 They did a breakdown of the conspiracy theory iceberg.
 It's one of those videos that's about an hour long and they just go over everything.
 That rabbit radio is listed on there and he says it's a really cool podcast and I agree
 with that.
 I don't know why I'm listed on the conspiracy theory iceberg.
 I'm actually down low enough.
 I'm next to solar plexus clown gliders, but it's dope.
 I'm actually become meta.
 The man who started reporting on these conspiracy theory icebergs has now become part of the
 iceberg itself.
 But with the conspiracy theory iceberg, because there's so many of them, some are interesting,
 some aren't.
 Some are too mysterious, we'll never know.
 And some are very vague.
 There is no conspiracy is often found on the lower levels, if not the lowest level of the
 conspiracy theory iceberg.
 And it's something I looked at on and off over the years.
 But that's an easy get, right?
 You could always say all conspiracy theories are fake, that this is all some sort of mind
 manipulation or like I've said before, a lot of conspiracy theories are fake to distract
 us from real conspiracy theories and that's not a new idea.
 A lot of people have said that even before I started saying that.
 I'm not saying I made that up or anything like that.
 But it's a real easy one.
 And so when I would see that on the conspiracy theory iceberg, I would think, oh, I could
 do an episode like that, but I'm really not saying anything new.
 But a couple of weeks ago, I got an email from somebody and I think they solved the
 answer to there are no conspiracies.
 It's very, very simple belief.
 There are no conspiracy theories.
 And this is it.
 And I'm paraphrasing what this person sent me and I'm not going to reveal this person's
 name.
 But this is the theory.
 Conspiracy theories are used to pass information from one person to another.
 That information we are not privy to.
 Conspiracies don't really exist.
 They're simply coded messages.
 Now I've talked about that before with certain stories and I've talked about hitting codes
 being passed back and forth, but it actually that's just scratching the surface of this
 one.
 So, let's say I wanted to, let's say I'm a member of an organization.
 Because you'd have to be really powerful to do this.
 We're not talking about low level theories like monkeys don't exist, but it would explain
 why theories like monkey don't exist doesn't become popular, but birds don't exist do.
 Birds don't exist is a very, very well known conspiracy theory.
 We covered it on the show a long time ago.
 Carson was the first person to recommend it to me.
 Thank you very much, Carson.
 There's flyers in every major city.
 It's very, it's a meme.
 It's fake.
 It was set up as a parody of conspiracy theories.
 Why is that one more popular than monkeys don't exist?
 Which is earnest at the very least they're both dumb, but one of them people honestly
 believe it that monkeys do not exist.
 It's hilarious, right?
 And it makes more sense.
 I was talking about this on a live stream the other night.
 We don't see monkeys in our daily life.
 You can actually convince someone that monkeys don't exist.
 It's a lot harder to convince someone that birds don't exist because we interact with
 birds all of the time.
 Why is birds don't exist more popular than monkeys don't exist?
 Because what's happening is one group of people are trying to spread a message to another
 group of people.
 They're using the conspiracy theories as code and we've talked about this before on the
 podcast, but we're going to go more in depth now because conspiracy theories blow up very
 quickly.
 They get publicized very quickly.
 The message gets spread very quickly and people are just looking at the surface of it.
 They're not looking for the code.
 It's an easy way to spread your message is to actually make it controversial, to make
 it shocking.
 Look at that Lil Nas X dude.
 He came out with that song called "Call Me By Your Name," "Montereo," whatever it is.
 In this video he's like banging Satan and he's like doing a lap dance for Satan and
 then he breaks off Satan horns and becomes Satan.
 And everyone, like this song had like millions of downloads and he was selling those shoes
 and all that stuff.
 No one would have ever downloaded that song if it was him at a concert.
 If it was just video of him singing to his fans, exact same song.
 You make it controversial, you're going to get the message out.
 Nobody would have had the same 100,000 people who downloaded his last song download this
 song.
 Instead he has all of these YouTube videos and these political pundits talking about
 it.
 100% strategy.
 100% strategy behind that.
 So if I want to send a message to you, I will craft a conspiracy theory called "Birds
 Don't Exist."
 And you know what the message is.
 I know what the message is.
 And I also want to take this moment to say a good example of this and Dead Rabbit recommends
 this.
 I don't want to go into detail about it because it's such a good movie, I don't want to spoil
 it.
 "Beyond the Silver Lake" or "Under the Silver Lake."
 If I want to recommend it, I should know the name of it.
 I'll put it in the show notes.
 I think it's "Under the Silver Lake."
 It's a movie about this, about how conspiracy theories are actually hidden messages and
 music and all the stuff that we think is satanic, illuminati stuff is actually two groups of
 people communicating with each other.
 Two powerful groups of people communicating with each other.
 It's a brilliant movie.
 It's a great movie, I recommend checking it out.
 But for what we're talking about here, let's get back to this core thing.
 There is no conspiracy theory.
 Conspiracy theories are just ways of people to pass messages back and forth.
 It's still super vague, right?
 It would be easy for me to make that statement and then be like, "Okay, that's the end of
 the episode."
 I got an email from somebody who actually not only can specify what the message is, but
 he made good on it.
 "Bugus, let's hop back in that carbonar copter.
 We're leaving behind the conspiracy theory iceberg.
 We're headed out to the New York Stock Exchange."
 Carbonar copter lands in the middle of Stock Exchange.
 Everyone has to stop trading for the day.
 Economic disaster, but we're here.
 And the reason why we're here is this is the theory.
 If you take a conspiracy theory like the Great Reset, which we talked about yesterday, and
 you strip it of all of the satanic stuff, of all of the illuminati stuff, you boil it
 down to its essence, its stock tips.
 When they start talking about ways to, "We're going to invent this microchip and we're going
 to put it in your hand," and all that stuff, when that's the conspiracy theory, invest
 in biometric technology.
 When you can find a conspiracy theory and boil it down to how the private market would
 benefit from that, that tells you who to invest in.
 Think about it this way.
 Monkeys aren't real.
 The conspiracy theory is NASA is trying to prove that God doesn't exist, that evolution
 is real, and monkeys are a part of evolution, so they're faking it.
 They're faking all of it.
 Technically, I guess you can invest money in NASA.
 Birds aren't real is all about how birds are actually spy technology.
 They're drones.
 They're sent out to investigate us, and they're all fake.
 They're robots.
 You would then, when that conspiracy theory started, you would go, "Okay, let's start
 moving investments towards unmanned aerial vehicles.
 Let's start putting some of our investments in drone technology and surveillance technology.
 Who's the hot camera maker right now?
 Who's making the best optical cameras for these drones?
 Invest in them."
 The theory is that conspiracy theories like birds aren't real was a way for people to
 spread stock tips to commit insider trading, that they're all fake.
 When you look at stuff about microchips being implanted, invest in the biometrics.
 When you start looking at stuff about the singularity and the singularity is going to
 take stuff up, start investing in companies that are trying to do AI.
 One organization is looking at this stuff, and they know that they're going to have a
 huge product come out.
 They see that they're going to have their stock is going to blow up.
 They know something's going on to alert their fellow conspirators.
 They craft a conspiracy theory that's based on what they know is going to happen.
 It's not that they know that the great reset's going to happen.
 The great reset, the reason why that's more popular than other conspiracy theories in this
 theory, is it's being pushed because they're trying to get other people to invest in the
 products that prop up the "great reset."
 It's fake.
 It doesn't exist.
 But you will eat bugs is a thing that people are constantly saying when they talk about
 great reset.
 The whole thing in this theory, the whole thing was set up so you would start investing in
 companies that grow bugs.
 Now, you go, "Jason, maybe that's the horse leading the cart or the cart leading the horse.
 If the great reset is coming, they're going to force everyone to eat."
 I can't believe I'm still talking about the stupid great reset.
 The great reset is coming.
 They're going to force everyone to eat bugs.
 Of course you should invest in bugs.
 But the great reset is something that's so hypothetical.
 They're not saying it's going to happen tomorrow.
 But according to this theory, if you invest in bugs now, if you invest in bug farms now,
 you're going to start making money now.
 In fact, the person who sent me this story claims to have made hundreds of thousands
 of dollars by simply following the biggest conspiracy theories out there, stripping them
 of the Satanic and the Illuminati nonsense and investing in the core technologies talked
 about in those conspiracy theories, no matter how outlandish the conspiracy theory is.
 Even if it's something that's not supposed to take place until the future, not supposed
 to take place for a while, something like transhumanism, you boil it down to stuff you
 can invest in.
 This person has claimed to make hundreds of thousands of dollars.
 This isn't, and they were trying to get me to invest in them.
 I've talked to this person a lot.
 Way before this, we were actually interacting.
 They listened to the show.
 They're a fan of the show.
 They approached me one day and said, "Hey, do you know of any new big conspiracy theories
 that are coming up?"
 I said, "No, not really."
 They said, "Well, this is why I'm asking because here's my theory."
 I've actually taken this theory over the past couple months and made a lot of money.
 If you could figure out what the next big conspiracy theories are going to be, it can
 give people tips on how to become rich.
 Is that the reason, and this has been a question that I've talked about a lot on the show,
 why some conspiracy theories are more popular than others?
 Is it because some conspiracy theories are artificially propped up not because of Russian
 disinformation trying to prop up flat earth to make Americans look stupid?
 That's a popular conspiracy theory out there.
 Not because they're building up these fake conspiracy theories to blind us from the
 truth.
 The reason why trees are mountains or mountains are trees and trees are bushes, however that
 one was set up or monkeys don't exist, because those are organic conspiracy theories.
 Those are actually thought up by individuals.
 It's just an interesting piece of this puzzle because that is always the question, why is
 flat earth more popular than so many other conspiracy theories?
 It's dumb.
 It's observably dumb.
 YouTube promotes it.
 YouTube lets the algorithm run with this flat earth stuff.
 Why?
 Is someone benefiting from it?
 Is it as simple as when you see the flat earth stuff come up, it was to promote GPS technology?
 When you can boil down these, it doesn't work with every conspiracy theory.
 It doesn't work with the obscure ones.
 But when you can boil down these popular conspiracy theories that everyone knows about and find
 out how the private sector would benefit from technologies in that conspiracy theory, you
 can make money apparently.
 You can make a lot of money.
 Now again, you could argue if people are talking about putting biometrics inside of you, and
 that's being talked about in the news and you invest in those companies, it's because
 they plan on putting biometrics inside of you.
 They've been talking about putting biometrics inside of you since 1992.
 I've been hearing about the microchips under the skin since 1992.
 And you could go, well, they're doing it in Sweden.
 They're doing it at this nightclub in Sweden.
 They have never, ever been able to fully implement a microchip under the skin.
 They've been talking about this almost my entire life.
 But companies have been making these things and you may be able to take a look at when
 those conspiracy theories started, when those conspiracy theories start to dip and they're
 not as popular and then they peak again in popularity, and look at the profits, look
 at the stock increases of those companies.
 It's not that people, legitimate stock investors are reading godlike productions and they're
 super scared that everyone's going to get a microchip.
 It's not that the conspiracy theory makes people worried and they're investing in it
 or makes them hopeful and they want everyone to get a microchip and they're investing in
 microchips.
 It's that the conspiracy theory is false.
 It's 100% fake and it's a way to tell your friends what you are investing in and what
 you should invest in without ever getting caught for insider trading, without it ever being
 tracked back to you.
 And the conspiracy theory just lives on.
 It would explain why some conspiracy theories are more popular and longer lasting than others.
 All these conspiracy theories we investigate and we're trying to solve these mysteries
 could be just wrapping paper around a gift that the rich people are giving each other.
 We never get to until you crack the code and start investing as well.
 So the next time you see a conspiracy theory pop up and you start to see it gain popularity
 and you have a little money to throw around, maybe you should try this too.
 Boil it down to its essence.
 What are the technologies needed to make this conspiracy theory work?
 And see if it actually could be insider trading.
 However, the flip side could be that it's not.
 That it actually is investors knowing the conspiracy theory is true and they're trying
 to make as much money as they can before the world ends.
 You could be investing in a microchip company and making some short term gains because you
 thought it was just a code.
 But when that microchip is being forced into your head against your will and you cry one
 final teardrop before your emotions are completely overwritten, you will remember that your investment
 is in the future of mankind.
 Thank you.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
