 - Charlotte Maina Godhead, I can't wait to see you
 at the Black Effect Podcast Festival,
 coming to you live on Saturday, April 22nd
 at the Pullman Yards in Atlanta,
 hosted by myself and Jess Halaak.
 If you haven't gotten your tickets,
 what are you waiting for?
 The Black Effect is bringing some of the hottest podcasts live,
 like the '85 South Show, Horrible Decisions,
 and Big Facts for one day only, okay?
 For inspiring podcasters, we've got you covered.
 You don't wanna miss the Black Effect Podcast Festival?
 Make sure to get your tickets today at blackeffect.com.
 Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.
 - Today is a special episode of Dead Rav Radio.
 We're gonna take a look at one story,
 and that is the story of the Book of Giants,
 a book that was considered too weird
 to be included in the Bible.
 In Genesis, there is a brief section
 that mentions the flood that destroyed
 all of the evil men in the world,
 but there was an entire book telling the backstory
 of what happened, involving giants, rogue angels,
 and the battle so epic,
 the scale has never been matched
 at any other point in history.
 We'll explore that and more today on Dead Rav Radio.
 (upbeat music)
 - Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode
 of Dead Rav Radio.
 I'm your host Jason Carpenter.
 I'm having a great day.
 I hope you guys are having a great day too.
 I got some Patreons.
 I set up my Patreon account yesterday,
 and I got some.
 I wanna say thank you to Elkie, Dave H, Dave Carr,
 Scott Stewart, and Chris Kilborn
 for supporting the show.
 That's really, really awesome.
 And I wanna say, just so you guys don't think
 I'm wasting your money, I bought this book.
 Let me read you the description of it.
 What is the agenda and purpose
 of all of this alien activity?
 Why do they hate humanity and work in the darkness?
 Are we prepared to face them?
 The war started over 6,000 years ago,
 I'm assuming this was written by a hardcore creationist.
 The story started over 6,000 years ago.
 Now, it is more evident with the increasing violence
 and deaths, what forces are behind it.
 You can't escape if you are human.
 They come to eat your flesh and drink your blood.
 There is only one weapon that will destroy them.
 Discover it before it's too late.
 That is the description for this book.
 I have found no reviews on it whatsoever.
 It came out two years ago.
 It's self-published.
 It's called "Gay Aliens, The Great Deception."
 And oddly enough, there's copies of the book
 that are listed as "Gay Aliens, The Great Reception."
 So I don't know if he originally had a typo,
 but I ordered that book.
 Thank you, Patreons, for allowing me to buy this $11 book.
 So I will read "Gay Aliens."
 I hope, I'm assuming it's him saying
 that aliens are turning people gay.
 I'm going to assume that's just based on the title,
 but that, I don't know.
 Based on that title and that description,
 it could literally be anything.
 But yeah, so "Gay Aliens, The Great Deception."
 I will let you guys know when I get it,
 if it's any good.
 Spoiler alert, it won't be,
 but I at least assume it will be hilarious.
 And it's in paperback.
 There wasn't even a Kindle,
 so I get to have a book sitting on my bookshelf
 with that title.
 Okay, so let's go ahead and move on to our first story.
 Now, our first story does require a bit of an introduction.
 And I'm going to keep this as brief as possible,
 because it's basically, it's a history lesson.
 I recorded one version of it, it was 10 minutes long,
 it was totally born.
 Okay, back in Bible times, there was a guy named Enoch.
 And he went on these adventures,
 and he wrote about them in this book
 called "The Book of Enoch."
 Now, this is pre-flood
 when Enoch was kicking about back there, right?
 And he has this, his book is weird.
 I might do an episode on just his book.
 He goes into space, he's hanging out with angels.
 He's doing all these wacky adventures, right?
 He's very, very well-respected man in the region.
 And he's in like the Jewish lineage.
 So he's a real person.
 He has mentioned several times
 throughout the old and the New Testament.
 He was related to Noah, I believe, as well.
 But real guy shows up.
 But anyways, he says he went on all these adventures.
 And he also is a main character in the book.
 We're going to look at "The Book of Giants,"
 which takes place pre-flood as well.
 Now, back in the, like, I think it was like 400 AD
 when they were kind of putting the Bible together.
 Jesus is gone, they're putting the Bible together.
 When they're having this huge voting council,
 they get to the Book of Enoch and the Book of Giants
 and they're like, "No, no, you cannot put these books
 in the Bible.
 We have talking snakes, we have buildings being blown up
 by trumpet horns, but this is just ridiculous."
 So they took it out and it pretty much disappeared
 'cause people stopped studying it,
 people stopped talking about it.
 And back then, you didn't have the internet archive.
 It was just gone.
 They did end up, centuries later, there was half of it,
 a version of half of it, found in China.
 It was written in Aramaic, but it was found in China.
 And they're like, "Oh, look, it has Enoch in it.
 This is related to the Book of the Bible.
 This is probably, we've heard references
 to the Book of Giants, this is probably it."
 In the 1940s, two dudes are knocking about in the Middle East.
 They walked into a cave by the Dead Sea
 and found a bunch of books of the Bible
 that were written between like 300 BC and 200 AD.
 Preserved in jars.
 And in those jars, you had like real books of the Bible
 or canonical books of the Bible,
 like you had like Genesis and Acts, whatever.
 You had all the goodies, you had all the goodies.
 But you also had the Book of Giants.
 The first half, it starts to decay halfway through.
 So people have looked at it and they go,
 "This is really, really weird.
 Probably shouldn't have been in the Bible.
 It just is just too weird."
 But I said Enoch is mentioned throughout the Bible.
 Elements of this story I'm about to tell you
 are mentioned throughout the Bible.
 And in Genesis, the Book of Genesis, it says,
 "Hey, listen, there was a time when some angels came down
 and started having sex with humans.
 And that, I love this quote.
 So let me read you this real quick.
 "When human beings began to increase in number on the earth
 and daughters were born to them,
 the sons of God saw that the daughters of humans
 were beautiful and they married any of them that they chose.
 The Nephilim were on the earth in those days
 and also afterward, when the sons of God went
 to the daughters of humans and had children by them,
 they were the heroes of old, men of renown."
 So that's just a little part of Genesis.
 And then it goes on to say, God said,
 "This is not what I wanted.
 This isn't working.
 Humans are too wicked now.
 I'm gonna cause a flood."
 And then he goes, "Yo, Noah."
 And Noah looks up in the sky and God is mimicking,
 building a boat.
 And Noah's like, "Oh yeah, I should do that.
 He's just playing Fortnite all day long."
 God said, "Come on, man.
 Build that boat."
 He's like, "I'll do it tomorrow."
 The ultimate procrastinator.
 So that's it.
 But the book of giants explains,
 there's eight verses in Genesis that tell that story.
 The book of giants explains, step by step, what happened.
 Way more than a flood.
 Way, way more than a flood.
 So let's hop on board the carboner copter,
 strap in, 'cause this one's gonna be nuts.
 We are going back in time to the Middle East.
 Coming over.
 Nice little town.
 Everything's made of clay, except the people
 and the animals.
 All the buildings are made of clay.
 Candles are flying over it's nighttime, right?
 Now, the reason why we're here is,
 this is the story of the book of giants.
 God says, "Actually, you know what?
 Let's go to heaven.
 Let's go and sit in this meeting.
 We're going all over the place for this one."
 We're floating on a cloud.
 We're floating on a cloud.
 We're in a giant meeting.
 God's sitting there smoking a giant cigar.
 He's seated at a table with 200 angels.
 And he's like, "Listen, guys, project earth is going great.
 But I think we need to do a little bit of more
 on the blue marble."
 Pulls down pie chart.
 He's like, "Listen, this is how many people
 are on the planet.
 This is how many of them are morally good.
 I need you, my angels, my watchers,"
 as the humans know you, "to go down there
 and show them what needs to be done."
 Takes a couple puffs of cigar.
 And now the leader of this group of watchers is Shemihaaza.
 Now, I should say right now that every angel
 sitting in this boardroom,
 this is long after Lucifer tried overthrowing God
 and there was a giant war in heaven.
 It was the ultimate act of rebellion.
 And God took Lucifer and one third of the angels
 and cast them out of heaven.
 This is way after this.
 There was a massive war in this alternate dimension
 before time and space had actually even crystallized
 into a real thing.
 Everyone sitting in this meeting fought in that war.
 Okay, there's not a single person of this 200 man team
 that does not know what happens if you don't follow the rules.
 Some of them may even be like,
 "Oh man, you know, I really like Lucifer.
 He's a really cool guy.
 Too bad he went nuts."
 And they're like, "Yeah, you know, just forget it."
 But they all remember that, okay?
 Just remember that as a thing
 that's gonna happen throughout the story.
 So Shemihaaza and his homeboys are like,
 "We will go to earth and do what you say."
 And God goes, "And,"
 they're all leaving out the door, he stops them,
 "Whatever you do, do not bang them."
 And they're like, "Why would you even suggest that?"
 He is omnipotent.
 He does kind of know what's going to happen next.
 But Shemihaaza's like, "Of course not, dude.
 Humans are gross."
 So then, (whooshing)
 200 angels fly down earth.
 And they do what God says.
 They start teaching people how to be good people.
 They're picking up old ladies and dusting them off.
 And then they're repairing the clay houses.
 And they're like, "You know,
 you probably could use some wood in this house."
 And they're like, "Oh yeah, maybe."
 Giving them advice and stuff like that.
 And we're watching this whole thing.
 We're just eating apples.
 We're having a good time watching these angels
 do what angels do.
 But then, as the angels are helping like,
 build a barn or whatever,
 this woman walks out of her house.
 And Shemihaaza's like,
 "Oh God, his eyes get super big.
 They're all bouncing out tongue."
 (laughing)
 It falls instantly in love with human females.
 And we, at this point, we saw me eating our apples
 'cause we know something bad's gonna happen.
 And it spreads.
 The angels are just amazed
 at how beautiful human females are.
 And to be fair, human females are quite beautiful.
 So they start banging the women.
 Now that is bad enough
 because you're basically creating
 a half human, half angel baby.
 But it doesn't stop there.
 When God is talking about destroying the world,
 I think anyone who's familiar with the story of Noah,
 but if you aren't, when he's talking about destroying
 the world, it's not just that
 there's a bunch of half human, half angels.
 He does, in the Bible, it uses the term,
 they were the mighty heroes, the heroes of renown,
 they're mighty warriors.
 It wasn't just that.
 When you look at the book of giants,
 there's a phrase that's used over and over again.
 The women prostituted themselves.
 Like, "Oh God, we didn't see none of that.
 We saw a woman walk out of her house.
 A guy turned into a cartoon fox for a minute
 and then they started banging."
 But what was going on is the women were basically saying,
 "I will have sex with you, but I want power.
 I want knowledge.
 I want to know what you know."
 And what we see in the book of giants
 is there are phrases saying that
 they were taught the secrets of the universe.
 You have these celestial beings that existed before
 the universe even had shape.
 And they're on first date.
 And the girl goes, "So, what are you doing?"
 He's like, "Oh, I'm a watcher.
 You know, I help build barns and stuff like that."
 And she goes, "Do you know how to stop time?"
 And he would.
 He may not have the necessary power to be able to do that,
 but he would go, "Yeah, actually, I do know how it's done."
 And he'd start explaining how black holes work
 and all sorts of stuff.
 They taught them the dark arts.
 They taught them basically how to be a witch.
 And in return, the women had their babies.
 That is the beginning of the wickedness.
 You have angels no longer.
 They're teaching people, you know, give a penny, take a penny.
 They're teaching them this is how you raise the dead
 to impress these women.
 And the women in turn were banging them.
 And the babies were described as giants.
 Now, sometimes they were literal giants.
 They were just massive people.
 One of them supposedly was 450 feet tall,
 which out of all the details of the story,
 even the ones I want to tell later,
 I think that's the most unbelievable thing.
 Some of them, they were giant just in that context meant
 immensely strong, mighty.
 So these children were heroes.
 Gilgamesh, the hero from the Mesopotamian mythology,
 is listed as a Nephilim in the book of giants.
 So he's this mighty, mighty hero.
 These people like Hercules, which is the same story,
 a human and a god having a baby,
 causes people to be superhuman.
 We're not talking Superman level,
 but we're talking Captain America level,
 to Hulk level type heroes.
 We are now reading the newspaper,
 'cause a couple generations are passing this time.
 We luckily don't age, otherwise we'd be dust by this.
 We're reading the Daily Clay.
 It's the only newspaper in town.
 And it's just story after story about these great heroes
 who are going out and slaying enemies
 and bashing lions open, picking mountains up
 and throwing them around.
 Just insane stuff.
 Your newspaper is a comic book.
 There's no pictures back then.
 They didn't know how to draw.
 So it's just words, like regular book.
 But anyways, the point is, is that
 all of these great adventures are going on,
 but power corrupts.
 And these watchers and their witch wives
 and their mighty, mighty kids decide,
 why are we protecting humans?
 We are the dominant species on this planet.
 They cannot fight against us.
 'Cause there would be wars.
 You'd have one of these Nephilim,
 which was the half human, half angel.
 You'd have one of these Nephilim
 just massacre thousand people in a battle.
 You could not stop these guys.
 And they go, why are we fighting,
 why are we even fighting for these guys?
 We should just be ruling them.
 So then this is when we pack up and leave town.
 Most people do.
 And this is happening all over the region.
 The watchers begin to enslave humans.
 Now, again, all of this stuff is really like
 cliche sci-fi fantasy stuff.
 But for thousands of years, people,
 this was a book of the Bible.
 People believed this existed.
 It wasn't until a couple people voted it out
 that it stopped being part of the canon.
 Anyways, let's step back into this.
 We're running out of town.
 We're getting the carbonar copter flying away.
 And if you're human, you're enslaved.
 If you're lucky, most likely they just bash their head.
 They began to take over large parts of the region.
 And then power corrupts.
 They begin to go to war with each other.
 So now you have different angels
 and their superhuman children fighting other angels
 and superhuman children for control of a ravine
 or farmland or whatever.
 And normal humans could no longer live in this area.
 It was just too chaotic.
 Enter Enoch.
 So Enoch is, Enoch is a totally weird dude.
 He has a few, he's almost a superhuman in his own aspect,
 but he's basically like God's messenger,
 God's homeboy on the planet earth.
 Enoch is watching all of this, right?
 And it gets to the point where the watchers basically go,
 "You know what?
 "We're just gonna start eating people.
 "Like we're tired of keeping slaves
 "and we're tired of just killing them.
 "We're gonna start eating people."
 So the watchers begin to eat people.
 So now we're not even slaves.
 We're just dumb animals ready to be devoured.
 At that point, Enoch calls up God and says,
 "Hey, you need to do something about this, right?
 "You need to do something about this.
 "You kind of caused this in the first place."
 God, God, again, first he's a business,
 first he's really proactive working a business meeting.
 It's maybe been 150, 200 years since this all started.
 In that period of time,
 God has become a total deadbeat dad.
 He wants nothing to do with what's going on on earth.
 Enoch goes, "Listen, you have an army,
 "you have an immeasurable army.
 "You have 200 angels
 "and thousands of wives
 "and who knows tens of thousands of superhuman children
 "running around the area.
 "You gotta do something about this."
 And God, God tells Enoch, "No, you.
 "You go do something.
 "I'm just gonna sit here on my big fluffy couch.
 "I'm retired."
 And Enoch goes, "So let's go on a walk with Enoch.
 "We're gonna walk with Enoch
 "and we're going to enter the camp of the giants
 "with Shemi Haaza.
 "And we're standing now,
 "we're flanked by a bunch of angels
 "and a bunch of hot witches.
 "There's some human kids."
 And Enoch goes, "Listen, you guys need to stop.
 "You guys need to stop."
 And we're like, "That's all you're gonna say?"
 And Enoch kind of puts his hand up.
 He's like, "Oh, give me a second, give me a second.
 "You need to stop.
 "Because if you don't stop now,
 "God's gonna destroy all of you."
 Shemi Haaza's like, "Oh, God can't destroy."
 Actually, no, at that point in reality,
 Shemi Haaza was like, "Uh-oh."
 Because again, they have seen what happens
 to angels when they go rogue.
 But Shemi Haaza dismisses Enoch,
 gets him out of there, we all get thrown out on her butts,
 and he doubles down.
 They begin holding secret occult meetings
 on the top of this mountain in the region.
 They would figure out,
 they were basically now uniting themselves.
 So the war between the watchers and their children
 was going to have to come to an end.
 They would have to provide a united front
 because they know what's going to happen.
 There's one version of the story.
 This was one that,
 because I had to read a bunch of articles on this,
 I wasn't able to verify this in other versions,
 but there's one article I read
 that when they were on that mountain,
 they were in contact with Azazel,
 which was another name for Satan, for Lucifer.
 And they were basically saying,
 "Well, if God's going to destroy us,
 "if we don't stop and we don't wanna stop,
 "maybe Satan will help us out
 "with that sweet, sweet satanic power."
 So they've totally just,
 God said, "Stop doing it."
 And they totally went in the opposite direction.
 So at this point,
 God finally gets up off the couch
 and just makes them have bad nightmares.
 Like, again, he can totally end it at any point.
 He gives them bad nightmares.
 So the sons of Shemi Haza one night,
 they woke up and they had this horrible dream.
 So they hold another meeting 'cause this kid's dream.
 And he says, "This is what I dreamt."
 He goes, "I dreamt I was walking through a garden
 "and there was 200 trees in the garden."
 And then an emperor came down.
 Like a burning fireball.
 And the other watchers, this dream,
 that sounds kind of like just a basic surreal
 lynchian type dream,
 but it really concerned the watchers
 that he had this dream.
 So they said, "Listen, there's one person
 "that you can talk to.
 "He's the smartest person on the planet.
 "Go talk to him and ask him what the dream means."
 His name's Enoch.
 So one of these mighty warriors comes to Enoch.
 Enoch's little shack, we're just hanging out there.
 Guy walks in and he goes,
 "Hey, you might know me from killing
 "all those bears the other day,
 "but Enoch, I have to ask you about this dream."
 So he describes the dream to Enoch
 and Enoch's just sitting there drinking his tea.
 Enoch is around 300 years old at this point.
 I should have mentioned that earlier.
 Enoch is a very, very old and wise man.
 He's drinking his tea and he goes,
 "I know exactly what that dream means."
 The 200 trees represent women,
 not the watchers themselves.
 They represent the women, the wives.
 And those trees were watered by corrupt gardeners
 who are the watchers.
 And the fruit, those trees were bearing
 was poisonous fruit and that's you, the Nephilim.
 The emperor coming down on the throne is your destruction.
 You are going to be destroyed first by fire
 and then by flood.
 You will be wiped off this planet.
 The warrior goes back, tells Shemi Haza,
 "Shemi Haza comes to Enoch and goes,
 "is there any way we can stop this?"
 And Enoch goes, "Nope, you've interfered
 "with the normal plan.
 "You had all these babies.
 "You can't have this race on this planet.
 "You just can't.
 "You're not allowed to."
 Shemi Haza is like, "If we pray."
 And Enoch's like, "Nope, it doesn't matter.
 "You should pray for forgiveness
 "is you're going to die,
 "but there is nothing you can do
 "to stop your death at this point."
 And Shemi Haza is like, "That's not funny.
 "I thought you were gonna insert a joke there."
 And Enoch's like, "No, no jokes during that part.
 "I can dab on you before I leave.
 "Will that make you feel better?"
 Shemi Haza's like, "Kinda."
 So Enoch dabs on him and he leaves.
 Shemi Haza goes, "That was kind of cringy,
 "but it didn't make me feel a little bit better
 "because now he knows that not only is he doomed,
 "but his children are doomed.
 "But like everyone who has their back against the wall,
 "you figure maybe I can make one last ditch effort."
 So he gets all of the other Watchers together,
 all of their witchwives, all of their children,
 so they have this massive army
 and they're hanging out by this mountain
 where they worshiped Azazel.
 And so everyone on this battlefield
 under Shemi Haza's control has superpowers.
 They would be the equivalent of if the X-Men
 and the Justice League and the villains,
 the Legion of Doom, whatever,
 all of them were in one plateau.
 So of course, nobody's going to fight these guys
 except for God, right?
 So, but God, again, is the deadbeat dad of this story.
 He doesn't do anything, directly, at least.
 So he calls up his buddy Raphael.
 He gets Raphael up there and Raphael's an archangel
 and he's like, "I need you to clean up a mess for me."
 Raphael's like, "Another one?"
 And God's like, "Yes, yes."
 But this one will be particularly exciting
 if you ever wanted to fight a bunch of superhumans.
 Today's the day, Raph's like,
 "Ah, it sounds kinda cool, doesn't it?"
 God's like, "I know, it actually is kinda cool.
 It sucks that I gotta wipe all these people out."
 But they've polluted the gene pool on Earth.
 So Raphael is like, "I gotta assemble a team.
 I gotta put my crew together, God."
 And God's like, "Go ahead and do that."
 So Raphael goes into the ranks of heaven and he goes,
 "I want you and you and you."
 That's it.
 Everyone's like, "That's all you're taking."
 They know what's going on down there, Raph's like,
 "I think we got this, right?"
 So he brings down Michael, Gabrielle, and Uriel,
 which are all archangels.
 So you have four archangels versus 200 angels,
 all these witches and a bunch of giants.
 Again, all of these angels have fought
 during the war in heaven.
 And these particular four that are coming down
 were the generals.
 They were basically, if you put Conor McGregor,
 General Patton, and Superman in a blender,
 these guys would be Superman level heroes.
 You put them in a blender, the blender would break,
 but out of the ruins of the blender would come Raphael.
 So they come flying down into this giant field
 where all these people are assembled, come down.
 I guess they wouldn't go,
 it sounds like they're just coming through a wind tunnel.
 Big old angel wings, they swoop down,
 land on the battlefield.
 And they're like, it's time to go, Shemihausa.
 Shemihausa's like, "No!"
 Now we can get into the dramatic,
 (mimics drumming)
 the war drums are coming and Shemihausa's sweating.
 All of the angels are sweating at this point.
 All the watchers are sweating.
 The kids, the superheroes and their wives,
 don't real, they're just like,
 "Look at, there's four of them versus all of us.
 We're going to win."
 But the watchers know these guys.
 They're like, "Uh-oh."
 (mimics drumming)
 War drums, (mimics drumming)
 giants roaring in the distance, 450 foot tall giant.
 (mimics drumming)
 Now we're hiding behind a rock.
 We're watching this battle.
 We're hiding behind this rock.
 And, and I should say now, Enoch is gone.
 And he's not anywhere near this battlefield.
 And not only is he not near this battlefield,
 he's still the carpenter copter.
 So we are stuck on the ground.
 We're like hiding behind a rock.
 We are basically two hobbits on this massive battlefield.
 Raphael pulls out a flaming sword,
 making sure he doesn't catch his wings on fire, takes off.
 (mimics gunfire)
 Anyways, dramatic music.
 (mimics gunfire)
 And you have these four angels being to basically carve
 their way through this sea of super humans.
 Now, and carve would be a good way to put it
 'cause they're just decimating these guys.
 But four of anything versus these numbers,
 it's not a cakewalk.
 These angels are cutting down these dudes,
 fighting these other angels,
 chopping off the heads of a couple witches,
 shooting off witty one-liners.
 All this fair and love and gore,
 split dudes, guts open.
 I can't think of a pun for a giant.
 Anyways, he doesn't say anything,
 just steps the giant in the stomachs.
 Giant falls on a bunch of people.
 Anyways, they're chopping all these people up,
 but they are outnumbered.
 They are outnumbered.
 And over the course of the battle,
 they're not doing too well.
 They're really not doing too well.
 Enoch is gone and we're stuck there.
 And then that is when the tide of battle turns.
 Enoch wasn't, Enoch, God is constantly just not
 paying attention to anything that's going on.
 Enoch, however, goes, you know what?
 I'm gonna go take care of some stuff, dude.
 I'm gonna go take care of some stuff.
 The angels are holding their own,
 but the wheel of the battle is slowly turning against them.
 That is when throughout the valley, you hear a...
 (ominous music)
 And at that point, this isn't the Book of Giants.
 I thought this was an incredible detail.
 At that point, 400,000 humans from across the globe
 have assembled on this battlefield.
 An army of 400,000 men has been drafted up.
 The legends went out that today is the day
 we destroy the giants.
 Today is the day we take back earth.
 And that cry went out.
 People would just pick up their spear,
 leave their village, grab their shield and their sword,
 get their son to tend the farm
 as all the adult men left the city.
 And they just came from all over to that field.
 And they didn't just come with swords and shields.
 The Book of Giants is very specific
 on the weaponry they brought.
 This is part of the fragment from the Book of Giants.
 400,000 righteous came with fire, napatha,
 and brimstone.
 The biggest weapon they had against these giants was fire.
 You have all of them in one location,
 and they just begin raining hell down on these mutants.
 Torched the entire area.
 And as they're burning, as these giants are burning,
 as these witches are being torched,
 you had wave after wave of humans,
 totally normal people running in a battle,
 attacking these super humans,
 taking back for the first time,
 the first time humans were able to fight these guys.
 It took, for archangels on their side,
 it took surprise attack,
 it took thousands and thousands of gallons of napalm
 and brimstone, big ol' rocks,
 who guys are putting on a mid-throwing big,
 heavy rocks of brimstone at 'em.
 People are looking at 'em,
 he's like, "Are you sure you're not a giant?"
 He's like, "No, I'm not a giant."
 Drinks a giant bucket of ale, totally normal.
 They just burnt these monsters to the ground.
 And Sami Haza is watching this whole thing,
 and he knows it's over.
 He knows that there is,
 the archangels are getting their second wind,
 400,000 troops are surrounding them,
 far outstripping his army,
 and there's just no way they're gonna make this.
 So he leaves, he takes off.
 The day is one.
 (breathing heavily)
 Sharon, after that, Enoch leaves.
 Now, one of the most interesting things about Enoch,
 again, one of the passages that's mentioned
 in the canonical Bible about him,
 is that Enoch doesn't die.
 Scholars, the way the Bible verse is set up,
 is that he walked with God and then he was no more.
 And that has been believed to be by scholars
 that he didn't die, he was taken away.
 He's considered to be the only man in history
 who never died.
 He's in heaven and he's still alive.
 So that's how much of a pimp this dude was.
 That's how, even God's like,
 you know what, I made you do some ridiculous stuff,
 you didn't get to fly around in space,
 but yeah, you don't gotta die, man.
 I'm gonna give you a bus pass to heaven.
 I'm going to, I guess it's more of like a limo ride,
 it's not even a bus pass.
 You don't even have to die.
 Come hang out with me, just come chill with me.
 Enoch's like, yeah, yeah, that's cool.
 And after Enoch leaves,
 Raphael visits Samaehaza one last time,
 lands in front of his hut.
 There's still a few giants left,
 still a few wives, still a few watchers,
 but the majority of them were wiped out in this battle.
 But they were still there
 and they were still interbreeding.
 And so Raphael lands and Samaehaza's sitting there,
 probably all burned up, probably sitting there,
 all bandaged up in bed.
 And Raphael says, so Enoch's gone.
 Enoch's gone now.
 Samaehaza's like, is he dead?
 Raphael's like, no.
 But he's in heaven, he's not here anymore.
 Samaehaza's like, that's weird.
 So that's not expecting.
 Raphael's like, yeah, mysterious ways,
 you know all that stuff.
 But I'm telling you this because now
 it's time for the second part of God's plan.
 There is a flood coming and it will destroy you.
 This is just a message from one angel to another.
 'Cause we fought together.
 I've known you for a billion years, Samaehaza.
 It's time to repent.
 You can't avoid this.
 You've been putting it off all this time.
 You gotta repent.
 Raphael flies away.
 And as he's flying away,
 little raindrops start falling.
 Samaehaza looks outside of his hut
 and just watches the rainfall.
 (water running)
 The Great Flood has started.
 So the story's fascinating on server.
 As a narrative, the story I think is really, really
 fascinating, just as a story.
 But what I, you can pick it apart.
 So I think probably the most interesting takeaway
 from the story is that people go,
 well, if the people in biblical times were super wicked
 and then God destroyed the world,
 aren't people today probably even more wicked
 than they were back then?
 Or have been in periods of time more wicked
 than they were back then?
 But it's not the, according to the book of giants,
 that's not the reason why the flood happened.
 It was the fact that they were being wicked,
 but you also had an entire subspecies on earth
 that was destroying his people.
 Now I know a lot of people are gonna go,
 wait a second, so 400,000 righteous men showed up
 at that battlefield and fought off the giants,
 but then God killed them all with the flood.
 Here's, and I don't wanna get too much
 into the weeds on this thing, but the Great Flood,
 the Bible is not a history book.
 It is the religious history of the Jewish people.
 When they had the Great Flood, it flooded the region.
 The word, keep saying that the world is,
 the entire world is flooded.
 It kills all the humans and stuff like that.
 That's not what happened.
 If you look at it in a spiritual,
 a spiritually historical text,
 the flood killed everyone in the region,
 because even the most ardent creationist,
 I can't imagine, could argue,
 well they can be ridiculous, but there was absolutely no way.
 I believe there was a Great Flood.
 I believe that Noah built the ark and all that stuff.
 I do not believe for one second
 that Noah got off the ark with his family,
 and then a thousand years later,
 you had a bunch of Chinese people,
 and they're all descended from Noah.
 That is completely ridiculous.
 There is no, I believe that a giant flood happened,
 and a select family got on a boat,
 and the entire region there was wiped out.
 But outside of that region, you'd have people being like,
 whoo, good thing I was living on this cliff.
 I don't think Noah and his family
 were the last people left.
 I think elements of the Noah story are a parable.
 I don't think you put two of each animal on the boat.
 Again, that just doesn't make any sense.
 But the idea of someone having a portent
 of a natural disaster, avoiding said natural disaster,
 and then reclaiming the land
 where everyone else was destroyed,
 I think historically that could have happened.
 I guess in a world where there's giants,
 you could fit two animal, two of each animal on a boat,
 but anyways, I'm getting too much.
 So those 400,000 people who came to fight the giants,
 they weren't all then wiped out by the flood.
 They went back to their own regions
 and continued to prosper.
 When you hear that story, it's funny,
 'cause again, half of it was a remnants in China,
 and then they found another chunk of it in the,
 they found the beginning half in the Dead Sea Scrolls.
 There are many elements in the story
 we've seen in fantasy novels
 that came out before the story of the Book of Giants
 was readily available.
 Obviously, Lord of the Rings, things like that.
 I think that whether or not the story is true,
 I think that the story was passed along
 so much in our culture.
 I think it's become part of our cultural memory,
 where we may not actually remember the story itself,
 but the idea of alien invaders or supernatural beings
 trying to take over the planet,
 the idea of getting the entire planet on one battlefield
 to fight said invaders,
 the idea of divine intervention
 in a battlefield working side by side
 with the good aliens versus the bad aliens.
 You'll see that stuff across sci-fi,
 you'll see that stuff across fantasy literature,
 and I think it resonates to us, like Lord of the Rings,
 is because it's part of our cultural memory.
 For thousands of years,
 people believed this story was true,
 and then you can now read a story in the 1940s
 about a group of "normal people"
 siding with a good angel, Gandalf,
 versus an evil angel you have Sauron
 who's corrupting the world and everything like that.
 I don't think that he was reading the Book of Giants,
 and even if he did read the Book of Giants to write that,
 we didn't.
 I think our cultural knowledge of that story
 embedded into us made us more excited to hear that story.
 It was reminding us of those old days.
 I personally would like to believe
 the Book of Giants is real, because it's awesome.
 I mean, that story is great.
 I love that story.
 I really would like it to be awesome.
 But, I mean, obviously the logical side of me
 is it's an interesting parable
 to explain a horrible natural disaster.
 But still.
 Wouldn't it be great if you knew for a fact
 that there was a time on this planet
 where we all united to fight back monsters
 and reclaim the world for ourselves?
 This story made me so excited.
 This story?
 This story got me so excited.
 I thought this story's like an action movie.
 And what does an action movie need?
 What does every action movie need?
 It needs a song during the credits
 that recap the events of the story.
 Yo, my name is Enoch, and I'm from another E-Paka.
 Once went to space and I parted with the Ewoks.
 But long ago, the watches came inside.
 Some bitches had a bunch of giant babies
 turning women, the witches, putting men up in stitches,
 warfare everywhere.
 They started eating flesh, so I got out of there.
 God sent a dream so they could come to me,
 and I could perceive what it all means.
 I got 200 trees.
 We got poisonous seeds, and soon you're
 going to be six feet deep.
 It's war now.
 Get to your battle stages.
 No items, box only.
 Final destination, but we don't fight fair.
 When we come to fight, we come and load it for bear.
 We got angels in the air, break bones and tear.
 Got the giant babies running in fear.
 Get that weak sauce out of here.
 We bringing 400k.
 We shooting fire and flame.
 Boy, you got to know that we're winning that day.
 Up, up, in a way, I went to heaven and stayed.
 And I'm a pimp up there, because I ain't never been slayed.
 My name is Enoch, and I'm from another E-Paka.
 Once went to space and I parted with the Ewoks.
 I got one last thing to say.
 I'm so OG, you'll find my rhymes in a cave.
 Dead Ravaradios, your daily paranormal conspiracy
 true crime podcast.
 You don't have to listen to it every day,
 but I'm glad you listened to it today.
 Have a great one, guys.
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
