 They truly are like family to us.
 We are so lucky to have these people that just care.
 At Ann and Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago,
 we know that caring for your child takes more than medicine.
 They're not just treating the disease.
 They're caring for Olivia.
 They know my baby's name.
 They make me happy.
 And they make me feel better.
 With cutting-edge treatments and kid-friendly care,
 there's a reason Lurie Children's has ranked the number one
 Children's Hospital in Illinois.
 I would always recommend Lurie Children's, always.
 A shocking attack in a small town has people wondering,
 "Are vampires real?"
 And then we meet a man who says he knows the best way
 to avoid getting sick from COVID-19.
 Having sex with women who have been abducted by aliens.
 That's a cure.
 I don't think you can get it right, Aide,
 but apparently it works.
 Then we take a look at a new conspiracy theory
 that popped up and was almost immediately shut down.
 However, it's quite intriguing.
 I think this one might have some legs and might come back.
 Is it possible that modern-day celebrities
 are actually the reincarnated forms of the old gods?
 Today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 [music]
 Hey, everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host, Jason Carpenter.
 I'm having a great day.
 I hope you guys are having a great day, too.
 I hope you guys had a great weekend.
 We got a ton of stuff to cover.
 Sure, we're gonna get started right away.
 First off, racing into Dead Rabbit Command.
 Everyone give it up for Garrett Hopkins.
 Woo, yeah, come on in, doing Jumbo Jacks and stuff like that.
 He's like, "I didn't know I was gonna work out, man.
 You're always working out in Dead Rabbit Command."
 Garrett's our newest Patreon supporter,
 and you're gonna be our captain, our pilot this episode.
 If you guys can't support the Patreon
 or can't do Jumbo Jacks, Lord knows I can.
 That's fine, too.
 Just helps read the word about the show
 that really, really, really helps out a lot.
 What's the purpose of a jumping jack?
 Does it make you more agile?
 Like, does it have any sort of--
 I mean, I literally can't do a jumping jack.
 I imagine it's like a full-body workout,
 but it just must kill your ankles, right?
 Jumping up and down, sticking your arms out
 and stuff like that.
 Anyways, Garrett, let's go ahead
 and actually give this episode started.
 We do have a lot of stuff to cover.
 I'm going to toss you the oars to the Dead Rabbit Roadboat.
 We're gonna go on a nice, leisurely rowing journey.
 All the way out to Pennsylvania.
 [imitates engine revving]
 We're headed to Pennsylvania.
 Specifically, we're in Silver Spring Township in Pennsylvania
 on a little road known as Ashburg Drive.
 So if you are from this area, watch out.
 On August 27th, 2022, at 7.15 in the morning,
 in this little driveway, this parking lot
 for this residential care home,
 a very ghoulish sight is seen.
 It's blood.
 Now, blood, you know, that's not super gross, right?
 I mean, I don't want it on me.
 I prefer to have it in me and prefer it to be my own.
 But, you know, if I was walking on the street
 and saw some blood on the ground,
 it wouldn't totally freak me out, right?
 I wouldn't make a, I probably would step on it.
 I was about to say I wouldn't make an effort to step on it.
 I'm not jumping in it like a puddle.
 Wee!
 You just keep on going, right?
 Blood on the ground, whatever.
 But I've never, ever come across anything of this magnitude.
 I've never had the police force of Silver Spring Township.
 This pool of blood that was discovered at 7.15 in the morning
 outside of a residential care home
 is Silver Springs Courtyard's Retirement Center.
 I'm sure they love this publicity.
 There was a puddle of blood, which was four feet by seven feet.
 So, basically, if you laid down on the ground,
 it would be bigger than you.
 I don't care who, I don't care who's listening
 to this podcast right now,
 unless you're a professional basketball player or Bigfoot.
 Nobody is seven feet tall and then, or four feet wide.
 I don't know, that might be possible.
 Maybe you're like a Roblox person, but that, it's not.
 It's not, you can't be bigger than this pool of blood.
 It's four feet by seven feet big.
 And the police have no idea how it got there.
 The police come out, they look at this blood.
 There's actually a, what they call a smaller patch of blood
 nearby on the grass, 'cause this is like a dry wind.
 There's a green area.
 That pool of blood, as although it's smaller
 than four by seven feet, it's still pretty big.
 I don't think I've ever seen that much blood in one location.
 And so the police immediately go,
 there must have been some sort of crime that's happened here.
 How does this much blood just appear?
 So they go into the residence home
 and they start going, are all of your residents,
 you know, accounted for?
 Is everyone at this place accounted for?
 And they count them and stuff like that.
 They're all the residents are there.
 So it's not one of the old people that wandered out
 and then it goes, it's time to be bloody
 and just kind of turned into a puddle of blood.
 So they're fine.
 So then the police start contacting all the local hospitals
 and be like, hey, did you happen to have a patient
 who came in last night with no blood in them?
 They just showed up and they're like,
 I'm missing about seven feet of blood.
 And none of the hospitals have reported any injury
 of this magnitude as well.
 So the police at this point are completely flummoxed.
 They have no idea what could happen.
 And now they're saying, well, this is when you know,
 this is when you know you have a bunch of lazy cops.
 The police are saying, well, you know,
 there's actually no proof of a crime having to complain.
 They're actually saying that
 'cause it's their job to investigate crimes, not mysteries.
 They don't want to investigate this anymore.
 They go, there's no proof that a crime
 is actually taking place.
 That is a lot of blood though.
 We agree, we're professional bloodlookers.
 We see it all the time.
 That is a lot of blood.
 And then people ask like, you know,
 journalists are curious about this.
 It's a talk of the town apparently.
 And they go, is it pot?
 Like if you all of a sudden seven feet of blood
 out of your body, would you be fine?
 And the police go, you would be able to get up.
 They say you'd be able to live for a couple of years.
 They said it is possible that you could lose seven feet
 of blood and then get up and walk around.
 But it's not a crime.
 So basically they're done investigating it.
 And that would be that, right?
 I mean, that's an interesting story in and of itself.
 Just seven feet of blood appearing
 outside of a residential home,
 or any home or factory or in the middle of the woods.
 The location isn't weird,
 but having this mass amount of blood and no body
 and the police are basically giving up,
 they can't answer this.
 But there is another detail in this article
 that makes me think this isn't just,
 this just isn't any old blood.
 Oh, and I should say they have tested it
 'cause you're probably thinking,
 oh, maybe it was a pig or a bunch of ducks
 or something like that.
 No, it is human blood.
 But this is what they found.
 Tell me this is not awesome, right?
 They found a seven foot wide puddle of blood.
 And next to the blood, I'm not making this up.
 When I immediately read this,
 all of a sudden a techno song started playing in my head.
 They found a seven foot wide pool of blood.
 And right next to it,
 there was a pair of Ray-Ban sunglasses.
 Blade, dude.
 Blade, you know, from the movies,
 Wesley Snipes shot people up.
 He always wore sunglasses.
 And he was always around blood, right?
 There was always blood where he was around.
 Blood and sunglasses equals blade.
 And then you go, maybe Jason, maybe you're jumping the gun.
 Maybe it does not equal a fictional character.
 Think about it, you're right.
 Blade might be hoping for too much.
 But when you think of sunglasses and blood,
 you immediately think of vampires
 who are wearing sunglasses.
 They're walking out of sunglasses
 'cause the sun's too bright.
 And I guess they would have brought us
 a vampire sunglasses.
 The rest of them burst into flames.
 But he still has his baby blues
 just sitting there on the ground.
 Vampire, though.
 Vampire, there's no way,
 despite what the police are saying,
 you kid, if you lost seven feet of blood,
 you're not walking away.
 And if you did walk away,
 you'd probably like stand up,
 take a couple of steps and then fall back down.
 You're like, I'm too tired.
 I need a lot of blood to do this walking thing.
 And the police are like, it's not a crime.
 No, there's no proof of a crime being committed.
 So they're done investigating it.
 I think once they saw those Ray Bands,
 they figured Blade's got it taken care of, right?
 The fictional character is apparently alive and well
 in our small township.
 Let's let him take care of it.
 But yeah, vampire attack,
 the Blade theory nonwithstanding.
 This does seem like a vampire, right?
 It seems like a very sloppy vampire
 who doesn't maybe he does it backwards.
 Maybe he drains all the blood and only eats the body.
 I don't know.
 But I definitely think this story
 has some sort of paranormal answer
 because what else could it be?
 How, or I guess it could be like a drug deal gone bad.
 A guy's like, got shot and all this blood comes out.
 But why would you take the body and leave the blood?
 And they have no idea when this happened either.
 It happened sometime between 11 p.m. and 7 15 a.m.
 That's prime vampire hunting.
 Actually, no, that's during the days of the best time to hunt.
 What if it's Blade's blood?
 Or what if it doesn't involve a fictional character?
 Weird though, right?
 Four foot by seven foot puddle of blood
 just appearing in the middle of the town.
 Very least, true crime, right?
 Very most fictional character is alive and well.
 The dimensional merge has begun.
 Chris Chan's predictions were right.
 And if you don't get that reference,
 I'll put that episode in the show notes.
 But let's go ahead and move on.
 Let's go ahead and toss Garrett Hopkins,
 the keys to the Jason Jalopy.
 We're leaving me, I'm doing donuts in the blood.
 They're like, that's evidence.
 Quit spinning around in it.
 We're leaving behind Pennsylvania.
 We're gonna head all the way out to some dude's house.
 (imitates gunshot)
 And inside this house lives a man.
 He goes by the online name Howling Abandoned.
 But we're gonna go in and call him Harold.
 And Harold, he's a dude just kinda hanging out,
 doing his thing.
 But life wasn't always that great for Harold.
 When he was a young man, he had some close encounters
 that got a little too close for comfort.
 He says that when he was a kid,
 he saw the book cover of Whitley Strybers Communion.
 You know, there's a picture of a little gray alien dude
 and it scared him.
 He saw that and it totally freaked him out.
 And then, (laughs)
 we were the whole time, we were like,
 Jason, this guy's either insane or making it up.
 Yeah, maybe, maybe, right?
 But first off, let's not think about how ludicrous
 any of this stuff is, but it is quite hilarious.
 He sees a book cover and it scared him.
 So then later on, he says when I was like a teenager,
 he started to have these visitations.
 He began to have these memories
 of being abducted by gray aliens.
 He remembers waking up in the middle of the night
 and these figures would be standing around his bed
 in the darkness.
 He'd have fleeting memories of walking through the woods.
 And then he has this quote here, it goes,
 quote, "And even being introduced to other abductees
 "for mating sessions."
 And then it puts in parentheses,
 when I was older, of course.
 So I don't know if he started having the visions.
 I don't know if he's, the way he wrote this
 and his account has been suspended.
 He's posting crazy stuff all over the place.
 But from what I understand, or actually I don't understand,
 I don't know if he remembers being abducted
 as a kid and those memories came flooding back
 when he turned 16, or if he began to get abducted
 around the age of 16.
 It's kind of hard for just the way grammatically
 he's telling the story.
 But first off, I wanna take this piece apart.
 I find this so fascinating.
 I think we've talked about this on another episode briefly,
 but he says that he was being forced to have sex
 with other human abductees.
 And then he adds, when I was older, of course.
 And I thought,
 (laughing)
 Please do not continue.
 I know exactly what you're about to say.
 Please stop.
 Why would aliens care about like,
 yo, no, if we're gonna abduct you
 for our breeding programs, you have to be 18.
 'Cause that's the law in most parts of America.
 They wouldn't, right?
 When we're having ducks, when we're breeding ducks
 for our failing duck breeding business,
 how come no one wants to buy our ducks?
 You don't go, well, you know,
 (laughing)
 all your ducks are,
 they're all 18-year-old ducks.
 They're like, I don't even think ducks live that long.
 When you're breeding animals,
 you don't wait until the cow gets to the point
 where it can rationally decide for itself
 whether or not to take a mate.
 You're like, this cow has just started milking itself,
 whatever, whatever, how you ever tell
 when a cow sexually mature, let's do it.
 Let's get them cows together.
 I don't think you're like, no,
 let's let it wait until it's older
 and can make the decision for itself.
 And that's how aliens view us.
 If an alien abducted a 16-year-old
 and a 24-year-old, (laughing)
 just stop, just stop.
 We know what you're saying.
 Okay, I'm not, you know what I'm saying though, right?
 Why would aliens follow human laws?
 They're already kidnapping people.
 They've already crossed that Rubicon.
 Why would they care about anything else?
 Why would they worry about that?
 I just thought it was such a weird addition.
 And not only are they kidnapping people,
 they're raping them.
 And if you ever met a rapist who was like, I do rape,
 I do rape a lot, but I wait 'til they're 18-years-old,
 you'd be like, you're still like, absolutely disgusting.
 So aliens are already kidnapping and raping people
 and forcing them to have sex with each other.
 Why would they care if he was 16
 or he was over the age of 18?
 I don't understand that.
 That makes no sense.
 Now, if this was happening when he was before the age of 16,
 sure, right?
 Like, I don't even want to think about that,
 but I can't imagine an alien abducting someone
 and they're just 17 and the aliens like,
 oh, you can just walk around the UFO for a while.
 We thought you were older.
 Doesn't make sense.
 And to me, it's little details like that
 that really make me question
 like the whole alien abduction phenomenon to begin with.
 Because if you're all, which I do believe it exists,
 but stuff like this really makes me think,
 yeah, why are they only doing these breeding programs
 with adults?
 Like women in their 20s and stuff like that.
 Like, do they have a moral code like we do?
 And see, there's a flat-out thing going,
 no, that's too gross, they're too young.
 I don't get that part.
 When I was older,
 I get that part being a human, obviously,
 and having a human moral code,
 but I'm not kidnapping and raping people to begin with.
 And they are.
 So, so weird.
 And the fact that he added that in makes you go,
 what, yeah, that's true.
 Aliens do only abduct consenting adults
 to have non-consensual sex with other aliens
 or with other humans.
 I can't think of a time,
 and I'm not gonna go looking for one,
 but I can't think of a time
 where the abductee was much younger
 and you had these type of experiments being run.
 Just doesn't make any sense.
 We don't do that for the species that we experiment on.
 So anyways, back to this story.
 (laughs)
 Jason, thankfully, Harold said
 that these visitations continued.
 He kept waking up and finding these aliens
 at the edge of his bed until he started fighting back.
 He said, sometimes he'd wake up,
 and which is man after my own heart, right?
 I love beating up aliens.
 He said he would start to grab them, grapple them.
 And they finally was just like,
 dude, this is too much.
 Like we're just down here on this routine,
 kidnapping mission.
 And all of a sudden they're fighting back, this sucks.
 He says, I ended up rough housing with him so much
 they left me alone.
 And that was back when he was 16.
 Now we're gonna fast forward.
 He says everything was kind of normal
 until COVID-19 came around.
 And he said, listen, I've been vaccinated three times
 and I've never gotten COVID.
 So, let's set that statement aside for a second, okay?
 He's been vaccinated three times,
 he's never gotten COVID.
 He can't figure out why he hasn't gotten COVID.
 He goes, I've been vaccinated three times
 and I haven't gotten COVID, it doesn't make any sense.
 He goes, my girlfriend's had COVID.
 My parents have had COVID.
 And he goes, I was constantly like kissing my girlfriend
 when she had COVID too.
 He did state that.
 That's my joke that I'm making.
 He did state that.
 He goes, how is it possible that I did not get COVID
 even though I was vaccinated three times?
 People go in the comments to this post,
 they go, well, it's possible
 that maybe because you were vaccinated and got the booster,
 that's the reason why you didn't get COVID.
 But Harold says, no, that's ridiculous.
 We all know that the vaccine doesn't work.
 He says that, he goes, the vaccine didn't work.
 I don't know why he got it three times then,
 maybe for his job or whatever.
 Everybody goes, we all know the vaccine doesn't work.
 So that doesn't give me that answer right away.
 The only reason why I didn't get COVID
 isn't because most people who get it are asymptomatic.
 It's not because that the vaccine was effective.
 It was because of aliens.
 You see, the aliens must have been protecting me
 from COVID-19 because that is the only thing
 I can think of.
 There's no rational answer
 of why I didn't get COVID-19 other than the aliens.
 And he goes, and not only did the aliens protect me
 from COVID-19, I feel like they're abducting me again.
 He goes, so they're back.
 They're actually abducting me again.
 He doesn't go into details about what that is like.
 Is he waking up in there at the edge of his bed
 or is he being taken out of the woods anymore?
 But he says they have come back.
 And he said, they are forcing me to have sex
 with other alien abductee women.
 That's happening.
 He says with a big smile on his face.
 But yeah, he goes, he ints his post like this.
 Did they come back to protect me or to steady me?
 Are they the reason I haven't gotten COVID-19
 when everyone else I know has?
 Unquote.
 So an interesting cause and effect story, right?
 Is it possible that the aliens are protecting him
 from COVID-19?
 I can't see anything.
 (laughs)
 Straight face, the most part you probably got it right.
 He's asymptomatic.
 Most people are asymptomatic.
 But is it possible that the aliens
 protected him from getting COVID-19?
 And why are the aliens back now after all these years?
 He's COVID-19, brings the aliens back.
 Are they there to protect him?
 Are they there to steady him?
 Why is he once again part of this breeding process?
 Why does he continue to eat pickles
 right before he goes to bed and have these crazy dreams?
 And he doesn't know why the aliens are back.
 But I don't know.
 I mean, I have to go back track.
 I do believe in the alien abduction phenomenon,
 but I do find, you're like, Jason, okay,
 we got it, don't talk about that other thing again.
 I just find it weird.
 Some of the experiments they run follow human laws.
 It just doesn't make sense to me.
 I'm glad they do, right?
 I'm not a proponent of them doing grosser things.
 Just find it weird, right?
 And is it possible that this guy's COVID
 was prevented by aliens?
 Probably not.
 But actually, didn't we cover a story
 where the aliens brought COVID-19 in the first place?
 If I said that enough times to get my podcast bold
 from every podcast distributor?
 It's a weird story, right?
 It's either the story of a crazy guy
 who is connecting dots that aren't there to be connected
 or it's a story of someone who's telling this.
 So it's either completely fake or completely true.
 And maybe something in the middle, right?
 Maybe, I actually believe the aliens may be coming back
 to visit him.
 He might be connecting it to COVID-19
 when there isn't one there.
 But then his account got suspended.
 I would've liked to talk to this guy more
 or see what else he was posting on.
 His account got suspended and in all the posts,
 they were just starting to argue over
 whether or not the vaccine was effective.
 So nothing interesting for me to read.
 I was like, all this stuff,
 I've been reading this stuff for years.
 But Garrett, we got one more place to go this episode.
 I'm gonna go ahead and toss you the keys
 to the world famous carbon helicopter.
 We are leaving behind this dude's house.
 We're headed all the way out to Hollywood.
 (imitates car engine)
 You know, when I was down in Sacramento on my vacation,
 I was playing this game called Sleeping Dogs.
 It's about you're like this Hong Kong police detective
 dude who goes undercover into the gangs,
 the Chinese gangs in Hong Kong.
 It's a lot of fun, really enjoyed it.
 But I'm playing it and there was a scene.
 I always love, like, you know,
 you're consuming this media, right?
 I'm watching these television shows, movies,
 and when a video game is something like that.
 And when every show, often you get something
 that sticks with you, right?
 Every show often is just like a line or a scene
 or something like that.
 And the older you get, the less it happens
 because you've just consumed so much media
 that stuff stops really kind of resonating with you.
 But I was playing this game Sleeping Dogs
 and you, at one point you have to go hang out
 with this really sleazy record producer guy.
 And he said, he was there,
 you're supposed to escort around this bombshell
 singer, actress type in the game.
 And it was a really interesting thing.
 The producer was just a slime ball.
 He'd been sleeping with all of his talent
 and blackmailing them.
 And I think there was kind of an insinuation
 that he was killing women as well
 who weren't like doing what he wanted
 in his, you know, record company.
 He tells the main star, he goes,
 who's you actually?
 Because it's a video game.
 He says, have you ever had sex
 with a famous person before?
 He goes, it's amazing.
 It's like nothing you'll ever do before.
 He said, you're driving on the road
 and you see a 40 foot billboard of a woman
 and then you go to the hotel and you banger brains out.
 He goes, it is insane.
 It's just this amazing moment.
 I remember listening to that and I thought that,
 I never really considered that before, right?
 We all have our celebrity crushes,
 but I never once, and it's what's funny when that popped up
 when that cut scene popped up, I thought, eh, maybe,
 but it stuck with me.
 Like that, he was supposed to be a slimy character,
 so you're not really supposed to be agreeing with him.
 But that statement did stick with me.
 And I go, there might be something to that.
 Like when you sleep with somebody and they're famous,
 there's a 40 foot image of them, an effigy really,
 on your commute to work.
 Maybe there is some sort of power behind that.
 I've always thought one of the worst torments
 I could ever wish on any human,
 and hopefully it never happens to me,
 is for you to be in a relationship that ends badly,
 and then she goes on to be like
 the progressive insurance girl flow.
 Like whenever I see people in commercials,
 and it's these commercials that go over and over
 and over again, I'm like, someone dated that person.
 Nobody dated the Gecko Gecko, but somebody dated Flo.
 Somebody was in a relationship with Flo,
 the progressive insurance lady, and it didn't end well.
 They dated early in college,
 and maybe he messed things up,
 or maybe she wanted to explore her options or whatever,
 and it ended up being like,
 you like my Flo, the progressive girl fan fiction?
 They break up, it's freshman year in college,
 and they break up, and then you're like,
 oh, whatever, it was just the girl.
 You lied to yourself, your heart's broken,
 and then you jump ahead six, seven years,
 right, you're sitting at home,
 and your ex-girlfriend has a national commercial,
 and you're like, oh my God, this is the worst.
 Like I can't, every time I turn on television,
 there's Flo, that's not a real name, but whatever, right?
 Now imagine if that commercial ran
 for the next 12 years.
 The Flo, the progressive girl, has just been on forever.
 I can't imagine some guy broke up with the Charmin Bears.
 He's like, oh no, you were my perfect fit.
 Oh no, and you left that toilet paper on your butt.
 You know, I just think it would be the worst thing
 to date someone, and then, not just become famous, right?
 If I dated Angelina Jolie, I never see her.
 Does she still even make movies?
 I'm not for sure.
 I could avoid photos of Angelina Jolie,
 but you cannot avoid Flo, the progressive girl.
 She's everywhere.
 I always thought that would be the worst thing
 in the world where you can fall into a wheat thresher,
 in a world where you can be devoured by a pack of wild dogs.
 For me, the worst torment would be spending
 every time you turn on, every time that television
 went to commercial, you were in fear
 that your ex-girlfriend was gonna pop up.
 Ah man, that would be the worst.
 That would be the worst.
 But anyway, so the sleeping dogs thing,
 I heard that quote and I go,
 "Oh yeah, that could be."
 You know, I did think about it for a while,
 and then, fast forward about a week or two,
 I'm on the X-board and someone posts this conspiracy theory.
 It almost wasn't even a conspiracy theory.
 It was like just a headline.
 And the reaction that it generated was,
 I go, "There might be something to this.
 "There might be something to this."
 The post was titled,
 "Celebrities are the reincarnations
 "of old gods and goddesses."
 And the reason why I clicked on it,
 'cause they included a picture of Britney Spears.
 That was the first picture, Britney Spears.
 And I saw that and I go, "Ah, man."
 I actually didn't really even give it any thought.
 Like I saw the headline, it kind of chuckled,
 "Saw a picture of Britney Spears."
 And then I clicked on it and I'm looking through
 and it really is just a lot of pictures of hot women,
 hot celebrity women like Eva Green.
 And then, the person who's posted this
 isn't really backing up their statement.
 They're just posting pictures of hot celebrities.
 And, but it's so interesting,
 'cause again, that was it.
 That was the statement,
 there were a couple of pictures of women.
 And the blowback is immediate.
 People started going, "No, they're slaves.
 "The MK Ultra Mind-Controlled slaves.
 "These people aren't gods.
 "That's blasphemous."
 Like the comments were really, really
 spitting fire out of this dude.
 And there was, again, no pushback.
 There was no initial even thesis statement.
 It was just like, "Here we go."
 There was nothing backing it up.
 A couple of pictures of women.
 And yet, the wolves came out to hunt.
 And they're like, "No, these people are pathetic.
 "They're beneath us, they're mind-controlled.
 "Their brains are broken."
 You can look at people throwing up
 these satanic signs, "Rion is crazy," blah, blah, blah, blah.
 And I archived the page.
 I go, "I might look into this later."
 But again, just like the Sleeping Dogs comment,
 I kind of go, "Ah."
 As much as I love Britney Spears,
 I kind of stay out of her personal life.
 She has a restraining order against me.
 No, as much as I love Britney Spears,
 like I don't read all the gossip on her.
 I don't read it.
 I wasn't following the conservatorship story.
 I wasn't part of the Free Britney movement.
 I like her art.
 I'm sure she's a nice person.
 I just try to not, she's not a person
 that I spend a lot of time reading
 the personal details on.
 However, recently there was an interesting article
 that, 'cause I knew she got married recently
 and that her very first husband stormed the wedding.
 I picked up all that stuff through Osmosis,
 but I was like, "Okay, that's sad."
 Her childhood sweetheart, who she married in Vegas
 for 72 hours, you're like, "Jace, you don't know her.
 You don't know her gossip.
 However, you can spat it out off the top of your head."
 Storms the wedding.
 You know, I didn't really click on any links,
 but I did see this article recently written
 for BuzzFeed News and they talked about her children
 and how they felt their mom needed some mental health
 counseling, stuff like that.
 And I clicked on this and I actually read this article.
 It was really a well-written article
 and it kind of just went through everything
 that's going on with the kids.
 I guess the kids have a real,
 her two sons have a really hard time with Britney
 as their mom.
 Like they spend most of their time
 with Kevin Federline, their dad.
 And they were kind of using,
 they were kind of like beefing with each other.
 The two sons did not go to the wedding.
 It all seemed very tragic to me, right?
 They're 15 and 13 years old and it just seemed tragic, right?
 To everyone's, everyone's very young, right?
 Kevin and Britney and her new husband,
 all young people.
 What does any of this have to do
 with the conspiracy theory at all?
 Well, what's interesting was I saw the sleeping dogs quote
 and that stuck in my head.
 And then I saw the export post
 and that also stuck in my head.
 I actually had that.
 I was still kind of looking at it
 every once in a while, the archived page.
 But when I read this Britney Spears story,
 I thought there might actually be something
 to this conspiracy theory.
 Because when you look at the lives of celebrities,
 it does match up a lot of stuff.
 Again, correlation versus causation.
 Who knows?
 Are these people just have tragic stories
 or are they actually reincarnated old ones?
 This is interesting
 'cause you can't actually draw these three lines.
 When I was reading this article about our two children,
 I thought, that's a really, it's so funny
 'cause I'm not gonna try to go on about this for 20 minutes
 but when you look at the stories of the gods,
 you always see these same themes pop up.
 Mostly, I mean, I'm gonna be referencing
 a lot of Greek mythology
 'cause that's kind of what I know best.
 And then maybe something else here and there.
 But you see children having relationships
 with their parents gone wrong.
 It's part of the human condition.
 But when you talk about Kronos being,
 Kronos was eating his children,
 you constantly see these things.
 We see that play out in Hollywood all the time.
 However, you see families
 that have children issues as well.
 You also, something that I don't think you see reflected
 in modern society as much as you do in Hollywood,
 I think it's amplified, the idea of madness.
 How often, it's almost a cliche.
 That these celebrities have a breakdown
 and they go insane, right?
 Britney Spears famously had her breakdown
 where she shaved her head
 and she was attacking reporters with him probably.
 (coyote howling)
 Which would be funny, to be honest, was kind of funny.
 But I felt bad for her, but it was an interesting image.
 We have that type of thing, right?
 All of this turmoil, all of this madness,
 it's interesting because you have to think,
 is it because they're related to the old gods, right?
 I guess I'm kind of losing the plot here.
 Let me back up for a second.
 Let me give you my thesis statement.
 I think that is a valid conspiracy theory
 that what it is, is that the stories of old
 are retold over and over and over again.
 And before it was the ancient Babylonian gods
 and then we have the ancient Egyptian gods
 and then we have the ancient Greek gods
 to the point that when you get to the story of Jesus Christ
 you can go, well, you know, it's interesting
 that his story matches these elements
 from these older stories.
 And going forward, now we have Flo the Progressive Girl
 and Britney Spears and it is it
 because what we have is actually,
 let's take Jesus out of this real quick.
 I don't want to, I know I'm in trouble already
 for including him, but Jesus Christ,
 let's move him out of the box.
 Is it possible that these stories are being retold
 because they're intriguing?
 Or is it possible that these stories are being told
 because they are intrinsically part
 of the human condition?
 Or is it possible that these stories are being told
 because it is the same players each time?
 If you took like some Babylonian war god
 who consumed the flesh of his enemies
 and dropped him in modern day America,
 his name is Armie Hammer.
 This guy who comes from this immense wealth,
 everything's given to him to the point
 where the decadence takes over or Dionysus,
 the god of wine from Greek mythology type of stuff, right?
 You have these characters
 and you can even have one person split
 into multiple people because other way,
 you know, there's more celebrities
 than I think there are gods, but the essence of this.
 Is it possible?
 Like I think because when we look at celebrity,
 one of the key things to being a megastar,
 I'm not even talking about like,
 oh, I got a million subscribers on YouTube.
 That's not a celebrity.
 I'm talking about the megastars.
 I'm talking about the people that you know,
 your grandma knows, your mom knows.
 That's what I'm talking about.
 So I'm not talking about some dude who just like,
 look at me, I can do really cool spins on my bike.
 And he gets 64 million views.
 I'm not talking about that guy.
 I'm talking about people that everybody knows.
 Like Armie Hammer who eats people.
 You have this component
 and you almost always have to have this component.
 You had it with Michael Jackson.
 You had it with Elvis.
 You had it with Britney Spears.
 You have to have the comeback.
 You have to have the fall from grace,
 the literal, not literal,
 the allegorical fall from Mount Olympus.
 You're at the top and then you completely lose everything
 and then you build yourself back up.
 And what's interesting is there is always the component
 mostly always I'd say of coming from nothing.
 Right?
 If Britney Spears, we have child actresses that are,
 or you know, singers of like that
 who come from famous families like Drew Barrymore,
 her dad, their family was famous and Carrie Fisher,
 her family was famous, but for the most part,
 the stories that endure are,
 yeah, Carrie Fisher's famous,
 but you know, Harrison Ford was a carpenter on the set.
 He was building sets and someone goes,
 hey, you look like a rugged space smuggler.
 And now we have Han Solo.
 Like it's those stories.
 Did you know James Cameron started off doing special effects
 for Piranha, for Roger Corman.
 He was building these little things with his hands
 and now he has these whole universes to play with.
 Those are the stories that resonate with us, right?
 Britney Spears was a 12 year old singing
 at some cocktail bar in Thailand.
 She was at some contest in,
 talent contest in Bangkok or something like that.
 That's true.
 So that is true story.
 I'll see if I can find that video.
 And then she just worked the circuit
 and then got on Disney channel and she,
 you put your dues in.
 Those are the stories that resonate with us.
 And I think those also are the stories of the gods.
 Hercules, even though his dad was Zeus,
 he was putting in work, right?
 He was doing some stuff.
 And I think even the gods themselves,
 they came from nothing
 'cause the universe was nothing.
 Okay, okay.
 (laughs)
 Maybe the last one's a bit of a stretch.
 But is it possible?
 And you do have all the elements
 of people worshiping celebrities.
 And not only do people worship celebrities,
 you may go, "Well, Jason, I'm not sitting there
 "and like getting my hair cut like Jennifer Aniston.
 "I don't like her that much."
 You're right.
 You have people who go to all the concerts
 and have a giant tattoo of Lady Gaga on their back.
 That's the best to prevent her from pushing you off
 if you're ever on a balcony with her.
 If she sees her own face, she won't attack.
 You have a tattoo or something like that.
 You have people who are really into it like that.
 And then you have the fans.
 Like I'm a huge fan of, let's say, Goldfinger,
 that band, Goldfinger.
 I don't have any Goldfinger tats.
 I have like a hat, have all their albums.
 I really like that band.
 So I'm like a hanger on, right?
 I'm just kind of like a casual fan.
 But so you have that, right?
 Just like how you have Christians
 who totally celebrate the word of Christ.
 And then you have like the people
 who just show up on a Thanksgiving.
 Not Thanksgiving.
 I guess I'm a bad Christian.
 You know, on Easter and what's the other one?
 Christmas.
 And then you have rivalries between these celebrities.
 Not the celebrities themselves.
 It's usually rarely the celebrities themselves.
 You have the fans fighting each other.
 Britney Spears versus Christina Aguilera.
 They, you know, they have a little spat here and there,
 but they're like, I'll get in.
 I'll get in some arguments over that one.
 Who's better?
 So I think it's the same thing.
 Like you have this religious fervor
 and then you also have these people kind of be whipped up
 by these otherwise totally normal humans.
 And I would say that I don't think that's the mega celebrities.
 I don't think Leonardo DiCaprio,
 when we're not watching him,
 we think he's getting in a private jet.
 He's really flying around on a cloud.
 I don't think they have any special powers.
 I don't even think they really know it.
 And I'm not gonna say like,
 oh, George Clooney is that Greek dude who made armor,
 but Leonardo DiCaprio is Hermes
 'cause he moves fast.
 Catch me if you can.
 I don't think it's that simple.
 I don't think it's that.
 (laughs)
 Let me give you a moment to laugh at my own joke on that one.
 I don't think it's that simple.
 I don't think it's that one God equals one celebrity,
 but the essence of these old gods.
 So I think it's a really fascinating question.
 Like I'm actually having to shut myself up right now
 'cause I can just keep droning on about this,
 but it's really two questions.
 One, is it possible that the celebrities of today
 are the reincarnation of the old gods?
 And that's really why it's so hard to make it.
 Like people already know it's really hard to make it
 in successful, in any industry, right?
 But if your industry requires you being famous,
 being having you do your art to be famous,
 it's a really hard industry to break into.
 And I think that you could go,
 well, I gave my best,
 but I'm not a reincarnated deity.
 I don't think that they would know
 that they're reincarnated deities either.
 But let me back up.
 I was just wrapping this up.
 Now I'm getting on another subject.
 I don't know if they're actually the reincarnations
 of these old world gods,
 or if just the stories are so human.
 It's the reverse.
 Those stories belong to the gods
 because the people who came up with those stories back then
 saw those things happening in their own lives
 or in their own history, right?
 You had the corrupt king who was slain by his son,
 and yet the son eventually became corrupt himself.
 And that would be the story of Kronos and Zeus,
 and then the other gods kind of turned against them.
 So I don't know,
 and those stories resonate because they're interesting to us.
 The stories that resonate with the human brain
 are the ones that are repeated over and over and over again.
 And it's the ones that we hang onto, right?
 Freddie Prinze Jr. and Sarah Michelle Geller
 just celebrated their 20th year of marriage.
 That's nice for them.
 I'm a little jealous.
 I'm a little jealous.
 But that story doesn't resonate.
 There's no, oh, I'm sure there's passion,
 but there's no like betrayal, and it's not dynamic.
 You know what I mean?
 The good stories, the fun stories,
 I'm glad that they're there, but we don't remember them.
 We remember Brandy Spears coming at someone with an umbrella.
 I love her.
 Don't get me wrong, I love her.
 But what a horrible moment to have captured on camera.
 Yeah, it's just, it's such a,
 this is one of those conspiracies.
 I have a feeling that season 19 is gonna be real heavy
 on this crazy conspiracy theory stuff
 'cause it's popping up a lot.
 It's popping up a lot.
 And some of them we're gonna laugh at,
 and some of them like this, you're gonna laugh at,
 and I'm gonna laugh at,
 but I also, this could be true in a sense.
 Could be that the gods are actually reincarnated.
 Their shards, essence, little piece of their essence
 is what makes them mega celebrity.
 And that's why you have two people.
 You may have one person who has a great amount of talent,
 a better amount of talent.
 There are a thousand actresses better than Angelina Jolie
 or Jennifer Aniston, you know.
 But they don't make it.
 Why don't they make it?
 Because they're not the reincarnated form of ISIS.
 And maybe that's why they're always doing that one-eye thing.
 'Cause they're saying, they're saying hello to their,
 okay, now I'm just making stuff up.
 But I don't know why they do the one-eye thing.
 I don't think they're all MK Ultra victims.
 But you know what, maybe, maybe.
 I'm not sold on either one.
 That they're all brainwashed sex slaves
 or that they are ancient gods.
 But I will end it like this.
 I find it super odd that people hated
 this conspiracy theory so much.
 'Cause it's quite intriguing.
 And I think people hated it
 because it went against what they already believed.
 And I think part of being a conspiracy theorist
 is having, is opening your mind.
 That's the whole point of occult knowledge
 is hidden knowledge.
 And if you're like, nope, this is my theory.
 I'm sticking to it.
 It's MK Ultra all the way down.
 It's the only thing I'm gonna believe.
 You're not a conspiracy theorist at that point.
 You're, you're, you're a normie.
 You're an NPC.
 That's the definition of a NPC.
 You're running on one set of program.
 We can disagree on stuff,
 but if you get new information
 and then it makes you really mad,
 so start typing stuff out, proving, quote unquote,
 proving the other person wrong.
 Because if you, the reason why you had that viewpoint
 in the first place about MK Ultra or whatever,
 which did exist.
 I'm not poo pooing MK Ultra as a thing.
 I mean, it does exist, but if you close your mind off
 to other theories, then what got you to believe
 in that in the first place?
 It was having an open mind.
 So basically, (laughs)
 so basically the moral of the story
 is no matter how much research you do
 on a particular topic,
 always be willing to listen to an anonymous poster online
 and a guy recording a podcast in his haunted closet.
 You will always be better off for it.
 (upbeat music)
 DeadRabberRadio@gmail.com is gonna be your email address.
 You can also do so at facebook.com/deadrabberadio.
 TikTok is @deadrabberadio.
 DeadRabberRadio is the daily paranormal conspiracy
 and true crime podcast.
 You don't have to listen to it every day,
 but I'm glad you listened to it today.
 Have a great one guys.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 If you served in the Vietnam War, Gulf War,
 or post-9/11 eras, you and your family
 may be eligible for expanded VA benefits.
 File by August 9th to maximize your benefits.
 Apply for free.
 Visit va.gov/pact.
