 A group of girls share a secret in the basement.
 And then we take to the high seas to meet one of America's most notorious pirates.
 But is it possible this man wasn't just in it for the booty, he was also in it to serve
 the Dark Lord today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 Hey everyone welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host Aiden Carpenter and I'm having a great day.
 Hope you guys are having a great day too.
 Hope you guys are having tons of fun out there in the world.
 We got a ton of stuff to cover so we're gonna get started right away.
 First off walking into Dead Rabbit Command is a long time Patreon supporter but this is
 the first time he's gotten his shout out.
 Come get on your feet and give it up for Denby Jones.
 Woohoo yeah walk on in, walk on in little doggy into Dead Rabbit Command.
 Thank you so much for supporting the show.
 Denby Jones has been a Patreon supporter for a couple months now but he requested a particular
 type of story so I mean it's gonna take a while.
 These stories they're hard to find to begin with but we're so glad to have you here and
 I finally found an awesome one for you.
 Denby you're gonna be our captain or pilot this episode.
 You guys can't support the Patreon or support the show financially however that's totally
 fine.
 It really really is.
 Just spread the word about Dead Rabbit Radio.
 Tell your friends, your coworkers, talk about it with strangers online.
 All those ways help the show grow.
 Denby let's go ahead and get this journey started.
 I'm gonna go ahead and toss you the oars for the Dead Rabbit Robot.
 We are leaving behind Dead Rabbit Command.
 Throw us all the way out to a little girl's house.
 Splash!
 Oh splash!
 Oh get that upper body workout as we're rolling down a river that goes straight from Dead Rabbit
 Command to a little girl's house.
 A little girl's basement.
 To be specific.
 This is one of those stories I found online.
 We don't have an exact name.
 We don't have a date or a location for where the story took place.
 So America maybe?
 Apparently a place that has a river flowing right into their basement.
 I found that online it was written by someone called 315 Retro but that's actually the main
 subject of the story, Son.
 We're gonna call him Frank.
 Frank recently posted the story about his mom who we'll refer to as Sally.
 When Sally was a little girl she had a secret.
 It wasn't hers alone.
 There were a couple of other girls in the neighborhood who also knew about this secret.
 And they didn't want to tell anybody.
 Not because they thought they would get in trouble.
 Not because they thought they would get ridiculed.
 They didn't want to tell anyone because they believed if anyone else knew about the basement
 it would stop working.
 It's an interesting scenario.
 We don't have an age of these little girls but you know let's just say they're between
 the ages of like say 6 and 9.
 And they had the wherewithal to think that what is happening in this basement is not
 normal.
 It's a miracle.
 And if we let people know then it will stop working.
 There was no reason.
 There was no concrete reason.
 Nobody told them that.
 But they knew.
 They knew.
 And I think that's the right call honestly.
 If anyone else had known about this story at the time stop working.
 Sally would go downstairs with a couple of her girlfriends from the neighborhood or they'd
 all swing by Sally's house.
 This was in Sally's house.
 It was her basement.
 They'd walk down the stairs and make sure the door was shut.
 Make sure they were safe from prying eyes.
 And Sally would be standing there and then she would start to hover.
 Just an inch or two at first but she would find herself floating over the ground.
 Her girlfriends could do the same thing.
 All of these girls in this area.
 All of the girls who knew about the secret who would come down to Sally's basement.
 They would start to hover a few inches off the ground.
 And then they begin to fly.
 A small collection of girls who don't have an exact number.
 I imagine if you had any more than four girls flying in a single location there would be
 a lot of bumping of heads.
 So maybe three or four of these girls are now hovering around the basement.
 I'm sure there were a lot of "wee"s.
 I'm sure there were a lot of enjoyment as they were flying.
 But you'd also want to be super quiet because you don't want the mom being like "what are
 your girls doing down there?
 Why do you guys keep going wee?"
 They'd fly around the basement.
 They'd fly around.
 And Sally goes "we would..."
 This is so interesting because in one hand this sounds like a dumb detail.
 This sounds like just like "why?"
 Out of everything you could do if you could fly in the basement why would you do this?
 But it almost feels like again Sally knew what was going on was impossible.
 So if she ever had to convince somebody that it was real this would be a detail she'd give.
 She goes "we would float up so high that we could actually look at the tops of the shelves."
 Shelfs that were always too high for us to see when we're walking because we're little
 kids.
 We'd fly up and we could look at the tops of these shelves.
 They're very dusty.
 It doesn't give a lot of detail.
 It doesn't give a lot of...
 Every shelf is dusty in the basement.
 But anyways she goes "we would fly up there.
 We would look at the tops of shelves."
 Now that would be a detail that you would want to observe in case anyone ever doubted you.
 You could go "well there's a blue marble up on that shelf.
 I know it because I saw it.
 But it's impossible for me to see from the ground."
 So on the one hand they were building up this ability to prove that this was real but they
 also knew if they told anyone it would stop.
 She said that not every girl was able to fly to the same level.
 Some of them could simply hover a bit.
 Some of the girls it took a while for them to even learn how to hover.
 But eventually they could all do it to some extent.
 They could all gain this ability.
 Sally said we used to fly around the basement.
 The kids would come over and we'd do it and it only worked in my basement.
 If we went to any of my girlfriend's basements it didn't work there.
 I was the coolest kid in school by default.
 I had the gravity-defying basement.
 She said we did this for quite a few months but then we ended up moving.
 We moved to a new house and she was never able to float again.
 It truly did only work in that basement.
 So what's interesting is I'm sure they lived in this house for a period of time.
 I don't think they just moved into this house for a couple months and Sally's floating around
 and then they moved.
 I'm sure it was a totally normal basement for a long period of time and then for whatever
 reason then this was discovered.
 This ability was discovered.
 It's a fascinating story nonetheless.
 The obvious thing to think of is there is some sort of gas leak going on.
 Not like an helium gas leak where it allows you to float.
 Is that these girls were hallucinating.
 That would be the skeptical answer.
 These girls were going down there huffing in that sweet natural gas and being like look
 at me I'm flying and really they're just laid out on the ground slowly turning blue.
 It's possible right.
 That would be the skeptical answer.
 But in the world of the paranormal something like this.
 It's funny because in the world of the paranormal even this is not normal.
 The ability to fly the ability for humans to fly is not something you see outside of
 old witches fables.
 It's something man's always wanted to do.
 Generally though that includes flying through the sky being like a bird and looking for
 worms to eat.
 Not flying around a basement but I would take that.
 I would not I am not picky in my zero gravity situations.
 I 100% would take just floating around in a basement.
 That would be pretty dope.
 So even in the world of paranormal this is an outlier.
 What I thought was interesting was Frank said I remember the first time my mom told me this
 story.
 She's telling me that when she was a little girl she was able to fly around the basement
 with her friends.
 And Frank goes as she was telling me the story I got the most extreme feeling of deja vu.
 To me read you his exact words here.
 It was quote like I was remembering edges of a forgotten dream.
 I didn't necessarily feel like I had those memories or could do it myself.
 But just a really weird feeling.
 Just a really weird feeling that I knew all along my mom could levitate when she was a
 kid.
 That's a really cool detail to the story as well right.
 It's not just this little child's possible fault to you memory part.
 Partly gas exposure to natural gas that's causing them to hallucinate.
 We'll assume because we're a paranormal podcast that the phenomenon is real.
 But then we also have the fact that it was so reality bending that her own child who
 was not alive when any of this took place.
 When his mom told him about it he it's like he knew in the back of his head his mom could
 fly.
 He just knew it.
 And then when she tells him about it years later he he gets that feeling like he had already
 known that somehow.
 This wasn't news to him.
 Fascinating story.
 But again I love looking for those outliers in the world of the paranormal because we
 come across stuff like that.
 I went through the rest of his posting history, talked about normal stuff that's always nice
 to verify.
 You just have these weird little outliers that the stakes are so low.
 It's just a day in the life of a world that although it tries to deny any sort of paranormal
 activity the world is flooded with it.
 It's everywhere.
 Most of the time we just don't notice it.
 I find it super fascinating that those girls they knew that if they had told anyone about
 this it would stop.
 You would have had "Kill, I'm gonna go down there, my name's Billy Bats and I'm a local
 bully I don't know why you guys told me I'm gonna pull your pigtails and then take me
 down there."
 And it wouldn't work.
 Or they tell their mom "You need to stop having your friends come over there, hang out
 in the basement if you think you're flying.
 I don't know what you guys are doing down there."
 Like any sort of rational person or any sort of outsider coming in it's basically like
 throwing a wet blanket on top of a roaring fire.
 Fascinating and they knew that intrinsically.
 They knew that.
 And then the question is was the next group of people who moved into that house or the
 people who live in that house today is the phenomenon still there?
 Or people currently floating around the basement or like as you're listening to this podcast
 as you're floating through your basement you're like "Whoa, I know where this story takes
 place.
 My house."
 Or did you just have to have a group of girls in the right frame of mind that this could
 happen with?
 It's a fascinating story, I absolutely love it.
 I wonder if the phenomenon is still out there.
 And if it is, again, super rare.
 Even in a world of ghosts and aliens and cryptids and spells it's super rare for humans to fly.
 We did that episode a long time ago about the guy who could fly.
 That's an episode again like out of what?
 A thousand and twelve episodes are on at this point.
 A thousand and thirteen.
 I've already lost count again.
 We have that episode where that guy was flying around.
 That was cool and I'll put that one in the show notes.
 Really really fun one.
 Denby Jones, get your patch on your eye.
 Get your peg leg ready.
 And fire up that carbonar copter.
 Maybe take the patch off before we actually start flying around but Denby Jones I'm going
 to toss you the keys of the carbonar copter.
 You're leaving behind this little girl's basement.
 Take us all the way out to Connecticut.
 [imitates gunfire]
 Yo ho ho and a bottle of rum.
 I'm going to eat my captain's thumb.
 Dope and stepping on a bridge right now.
 It's a pirate life for me.
 You're like bridges.
 I don't know bridges were traditionally pirate, pirate thing.
 Or maybe we're headed off to a pirate's tale.
 Denby Jones when he supported the Patreon he asked, "Hey can I be in a pirate theme
 episode?"
 We are four months later he did.
 He joined like during the summer or something like that.
 You wanted to have a pirate themed story.
 It takes a while to find this stuff.
 This stuff does not fall in my lap.
 A yo ho ho and a bottle of juice.
 Walking on a giant moose.
 Do do do boof.
 Fix that sail.
 Pirate's life for me.
 We're in Connecticut.
 It's 1835.
 Specifically, we're in the town of Norwich, Connecticut.
 We walk into a local jail and sitting there in jail is a young man named Albert Hicks.
 And young is the operative word.
 He's only 15 years old.
 We see Albert Hicks sitting in jail.
 So we're like, "Hey Albert, I think we actually covered you last week.
 Weren't you the guy trying to steal that pirate's treasure?"
 And you got chased off by the Glauchester ghoul?
 We thought, you know, we were kind of hoping he could chase you around by a monster from
 hell, but we figured maybe that would set your life straight.
 We were hoping we would never see you again.
 No offense, dude, but you know, Paranormal True Crime Podcast is not a good thing to
 sell up on.
 Now Albert Hicks goes, "Yeah, yeah, the Glauchester ghoul.
 That sure was crazy."
 But it's a pirate's life for me.
 Like I always wanted to be a pirate.
 Not me, not me.
 This is Albert speaking.
 Albert always wanted to be a pirate.
 He was always told these stories about pirates' gold and these treasures and these adventures
 they went on.
 His quest to find Captain, I think it was Captain Kid's treasure.
 That's how he came across the Glauchester ghoul.
 That was just like a side quest for him.
 He really wanted to be a pirate and he found himself realizing if he wanted to be a pirate
 he had kind of got to start off being a criminal.
 So Albert Hicks, he had been arrested for theft and he had this thing where he kept escaping
 from jail.
 Then he'd get re-caught, thrown back in jail with a heavier sentence.
 This would go on and on and he'd escape from there, get caught again, he'd have a longer
 sentence.
 So eventually he was put in solitary confinement for a year.
 And he said at that point he went crazy.
 And there's a difference between a thief criminal, there's a difference between a criminal that's
 just trying to make some money and an insane hatchet wielding pirate.
 Even a normal pirate, right, would be bad enough to run into.
 If someone goes, you know what, I'm pretty sure I'm insane.
 I'm not just a regular pirate, I'm an insane pirate.
 I have mental issues.
 That's the one you got to look out for.
 When he finally, finally after all of his escapes and all of his sentences getting longer, when
 he was finally released, he knew everything about the world of crime.
 He'd been raised by criminals at this point.
 They've all been in the jail system and criminals love to tell stories.
 And he feels I have all the education I need now to do what I've always wanted to do.
 I want to be a pirate.
 So he became a pirate.
 And he didn't relegate it to Yoho Ho and on a boat.
 He was actually also a highway man.
 He would just lay in the bushes and wait till some stage coach came by and rob everybody.
 And then kill him.
 He was a murderer who stole stuff.
 He wasn't a thief who killed people by his own accounts.
 And it could be a little bit exaggerated, but the way that this story turns out probably
 not by his own accounts.
 He says I probably murdered hundreds of people through the course of my career and he traveled
 the world and was murdering people.
 He started off on the East Coast.
 He made his way all the way West to California.
 Went down through Mexico killing people, stealing stuff.
 He ended up in the South Pacific killing and robbing all the way there with various pirate
 crews.
 And he's like, oh, it's time to get my land legs back.
 Stick them up.
 He's robbing people in the South Pacific.
 This guy was a world traveler and a maniac and a snappy dresser.
 He was knowing this was really what he would do.
 He would hook up with a criminal or two.
 He would have like a couple of accomplices.
 When you're on a boat, when you're a pirate, you need a bunch of people to like run the
 ship.
 But when he's just a highway man, he'd run with maybe one or two people.
 And what they would do is they would find people, they would rob them, they would kill
 them, and then Albert Hicks would spend all of his money on booze, women, and fancy clothes.
 And once he ran out of money, he would just go rob and murder people again.
 This was his rhythm.
 He was not trying to build up a nest egg.
 He was definitely not trying to leave no buried treasure.
 He just wanted to live the good life.
 This goes on.
 He started when he was 15, when he got arrested for a theft.
 This goes on until he's around 40 years old.
 And the reason he stops isn't because the law caught up to him.
 It isn't because he had too close of a call.
 And he was like, "Whoa, I mean, that almost was it for good old Albert.
 Hanging up my hat."
 He was very famous for wearing, he wore this thing called a costeth, costeth cut.
 He wore this hat called a costeth hat.
 You're gonna have to look it up.
 It's on the show notes.
 It's a costeth hat.
 It's basically, it was a wide brimmed hat that you'd see like military people use when
 they were especially in the brush.
 It was basically like a wide brimmed hat and he would have it pulled down over one eye.
 It looked mysterious.
 And you go, "Oh, kind of like a fedora?
 Like a gangster would wear a fedora?"
 Yeah, put a little pin in that.
 We'll talk about that in a second.
 Or that wide brimmed hat.
 And I'm gonna hang up my hat.
 The reason why isn't because he got caught or he almost got caught or because he realized
 that what he was doing was reprehensible.
 No.
 He met a good woman.
 That was it.
 He met a good woman.
 They had a kid and he goes, "You know what?
 If I want to raise this kid right, I can't be in the South Pacific murdering people.
 I have to be here at home in the most peaceful place on earth, New York City.
 I'm gonna raise my family in New York and I'm gonna have a good kid.
 I'm gonna be a good husband.
 Raise this kid right."
 So I guess, see again, I don't think his morals changed.
 I think he just realized that you can't murder and raise a kid at the same time.
 He's wistfully looking out the window and he's like, "Oh, all those people, I wish I
 could murder."
 Papa, papa, can we play stuffed animals again?
 Oh yeah.
 I'm gonna put him here, little Albert Jr.
 Let's play.
 I'll play with you instead.
 But that doesn't last.
 That wouldn't be the end of the story.
 That wouldn't be the end of the story.
 That doesn't last.
 Eventually, he realizes, like, "I do want to raise my family.
 I want to be right for my son.
 But to do that, I'm gonna need money."
 So I'm gonna try to get an honest job.
 I'm trying to get an honest job on a boat.
 A former pirate like myself.
 I'm gonna try to get an honest job on a boat.
 Now, if it happens to turn out that I become a shift into pirate mode during the full moon,
 then so be it.
 But I'll try.
 I'll try my best.
 Now, his wife was...
 His wife may know in a little bit about his past, but she has no idea that this is about
 to happen.
 Her wife and her son cut Albert's wife and son are like, "Bye.
 See you later."
 As he's headed out the door, he's about to join the crew of the AE Johnson, which is
 a oyster sloop.
 Super weird.
 It's a boat specifically chartered.
 It's not like an oyster-shaped boat.
 That would be cool.
 It's a regular sloop.
 But this one hauled oysters, and it didn't even do the fun part of, like, getting the
 oysters out of the ocean.
 It was basically a transport vessel of oysters.
 So Albert shows up on this boat, and he's on the boat with three other men.
 You have Captain George Burr.
 And then the two other guys working on the boat is Oliver and Smith Watts.
 This is where we go.
 It's funny, I think, at a certain point you may be thinking, "Oh, is this a true crime
 story?"
 This guy's kind of...
 I mean, he did go face-to-face with a giant monster in the last episode, but clearly this
 must just be a true crime story.
 Jason's just going to tell us about the life and crimes and trial of Albert Hicks.
 Well, according to Albert, true crime wouldn't be the definition of this story.
 What he believed is that he was in service to a darker force.
 Albert honestly believed he was in the service of Satan.
 He worked for a Lucifer.
 And he believed that he actually owed Lucifer a debt.
 Albert joins this crew of three men and they head out on a standard oyster run.
 They have no idea they're dealing with someone who doesn't want a second chance, because
 that's not what Satan would want for Albert.
 Let me read you this quote Albert Hicks said about Satan.
 You know what I mean?
 Like it's one thing to have a bank robber, another one to be like, "Oh, no, I rob banks
 specifically because Satan wanted me to."
 Let me read you this quote.
 "He has stood by me all my life, on ship and on shore.
 Amid the howling storms of the ocean, where every moment the waves threaten to engulf me,
 he snatched me from their deadly embrace.
 On the battlefield, in many a hand-to-hand fight, he has seemed to stand by my side,
 protecting me from danger.
 And when I have been in the hands of my enemies, and escape has appeared impossible, he has
 until now invariably opened the way for my release."
 So he's giving the statement at a time that he knows that Satan has left him.
 We'll get to that in a second, but I wanted to share that part with you.
 He's telling his eventual captors that he was in service to the dark lord.
 Those are statements that you would hear someone say about God, right?
 I don't think necessarily it'd be like, "And then he said Jesus down, Jesus was crying
 each other in those guards."
 And that's how I escaped from that North Korean prison.
 But you know what I mean?
 Like I didn't let myself wallow in despair because I knew God would save me from this
 predicament.
 When those waves are crashing over the boat, I prayed to God and he saved me.
 Those are the types of statements we hear about God.
 And here Albert Hicks is talking about Satan.
 So he's on this boat, the A.E. Johnson.
 This is the mentality of this man.
 These men have no idea who they're with.
 The A.E. Johnson is going to Virginia to buy these oysters to bring them back to New York.
 And one night during this journey, Captain George Burke says, "Okay guys, I'm going to
 go sleep in my bed.
 You guys do whatever happened on boats at night."
 I don't know.
 I sleep all the time when the night shows up.
 Like a normal person, you guys, I don't know, move the sails around or swab the deck or
 something.
 Oliver Watts also goes to bed.
 So the only people on the deck of the boat is Albert and Smith Watts.
 And the thing is, is because this boat is on this oyster run there, it's actually full
 of money.
 They're going to go buy these oysters in Virginia and bring them back to New York.
 So there's a bunch of money to buy oysters.
 And Albert's like, "Wait a second, I could work on this boat."
 Or, "I can murder everybody and just steal the money."
 Because that's what I've been doing my entire life.
 And no one's going to catch me, right?
 The Dark Lord always has my back.
 He always has up until now.
 So why wouldn't he protect me?
 He says, he's standing on the deck.
 We have this testimony from Albert.
 He confesses to all this later.
 He goes, "I'm standing on the deck with Smith."
 And I go, "Hey, look at that.
 Look at that off in the distance.
 You see that?
 You see that out in the dark?
 Out in the dark waves?
 You see something out there?"
 And Smith is like, "No, I don't see anything out there."
 And Albert goes, "No, no, no.
 Look over there.
 Look far, far out into the distance.
 And you'll see it."
 Smith is staring out into the darkness.
 I don't see anything.
 What are you pointing at, Albert?
 As Smith has his back to Albert, Albert picks up a C-axe.
 It's like just a hatchet type of tool.
 But any edge tool can be used as a weapon, as Smith is looking out into the Black Sea,
 trying to see what Albert is pointing at.
 Albert brings that C-axe right down on the back of Smith's head.
 Just smashes his skull open.
 And Smith immediately collapses onto the ground.
 But it's such a loud noise on such a calm sea.
 The sound of the axe hitting the back of Smith's head and then the sound of Smith's body smashing
 against the deck, it alerts Oliver, his brother, who's down in the sleeping area of the boat.
 Oliver comes up the stairs.
 The way the boat is laid out is, you know, they have like a little staircase that goes
 into the inner part of the boat.
 They have like a little cabin, like a little door you can stick your head out of.
 A little door that you walk up and you, as you're walking, you know, your head can stick
 out of it and you can peek to see what that noise was.
 And Albert's standing there with that C-axe and he hears Oliver walk up the stairs and
 Oliver sticks his head out of the door to see what that noise was.
 And as Oliver is craning his neck out to see what all the fuss was about, to see what
 the loud thumping was on the deck, Albert brings that hatchet down so fast and so strong
 in one swipe completely decapitates Oliver.
 His head was perfectly positioned out that Albert could line up his blow and brought
 it down right on his neck.
 Albert said, "I watched Oliver's head fall off of its body and this area of the ship
 is already covered in blood from where he smashed open Smith's skull."
 He goes, "I cut off Oliver's head and I watched Oliver's head roll on the deck of the ship
 that's already splattered with his brother's blood."
 He said that Oliver's body seemed to stumble for a moment and then just slump out of the
 door.
 I'm watching Oliver's head kind of roll around on the deck.
 Smith's still bleeding over here from this horrible head wound I gave him.
 And now it's time for me to take care of the captain.
 I'm almost home free.
 Albert comes downstairs wielding the sea axe.
 He enters the captain's quarters, but the captain now is standing up and he's ready
 to fight.
 He sees Albert come in with this hatchet and a fight breaks out.
 Albert said the room was very, very cramped, especially to have two people in it.
 Almost fighting for their lives, Albert knew that if he lost this fight he was doomed.
 He said the captain was much bigger than I was, much stronger than I was.
 And at one point he got the best of me.
 He wrapped those big, meaty hands right around my throat and began to strangle the life out
 of me.
 I was losing this fight.
 100% this was the end.
 But before he took my life, I knew I had one more chance.
 Some could say the devil.
 The devil was by my side once again.
 I beat a physically stronger opponent.
 I took that sea axe and I swung it.
 I got past his defenses and I watched that axe cleave off half of his face.
 Captain Burr stumbled back, a hand pressed against a massive open wound in his head.
 Albert said I looked at the hatchet and there hanging off of it was one of Captain Burr's
 eyeballs.
 I had completely just removed half of his face.
 I finished him off.
 Now I was the only living member of this crew.
 It's time to really go to work.
 I started searching the boat.
 I found the cache.
 His plan now is to scuttle the ship.
 He's going to sink it.
 Because I'm just going to drill holes in it and let the water take it to the bottom.
 I'll get in a little dingy and I'll just row back to shore and make my way back to New
 York.
 I mean like easy peasy, right?
 He walks back up to the deck of the ship and Smith is standing up.
 Not straight.
 He doesn't have perfect poise but he's stumbling around the boat.
 He's not dead.
 That wound as ugly as it looked didn't kill him.
 And Smith is stumbling around the boat and Hicks is like I got to finish this dude off.
 Like I can't have any witnesses.
 Plus I do love murdering in service of the Lord Satan.
 He walks up to Smith and he goes I'm just going to let the elements take care of you.
 Now if you want to survive underwater he takes Smith throws him overboard and then starts
 walking back to throw the remains of Oliver and eventually Captain Burr overboard as well.
 But then he sees that Smith is holding on to the edge of the boat.
 His fingers are gripping that wood and he's hanging off the side of the boat.
 Then Albert walks over there with that sea axe and chops off Smith's fingers.
 Smith then plummets into the dark waters below and drowns.
 Albert takes Oliver's head, throws it overboard, throws the rest of Oliver overboard, goes
 down, lugs Captain Burr's body up the steps to the edge of the boat, throws that overboard.
 Then begins drilling holes in the boat so the boat will sink.
 There will be no evidence of any of this stuff right.
 They'll just think boat sank, four people died.
 If they even knew that people weren't keeping W2s for who was working on boats.
 Is anyone going to know that Albert Hicks was on board?
 Well he's like I'll just take this little dingy I'm out of here.
 He takes the money, he gets in his little boat, and he goes away.
 All of this for what is the modern equivalent of $8,700.
 And classic Albert, classic Albert, he then parties his way.
 He lands back on land.
 He takes the little boat and he comes back there, but he's a far away from New York.
 He goes I'm just going to party my way back up to my family in New York.
 I'm going to hit up all these bars and all these whorehouses.
 I'm going to buy some new snazzy clothes.
 Let's live it up Albert style even though I did this to make money for my family.
 I got to spend a little bit on myself.
 I got to have a good time.
 Couple days after all of this happens, the AE Johnson, this sloop is still floating around.
 It wasn't successfully scuttled.
 Another boat's in the area and notice this boat that's adrift so they go to check it
 out and they eventually get the authorities involved because all anyone can tell on this
 boat is there's a bunch of holes drilled in it.
 It appears somebody took all the money and where do these fingers come from?
 Are there just fingers on this boat?
 I don't know if the rain or the element kind of washed away or got rid of most of the blood,
 but the police just found fingers on a boat that had a bunch of holes drilled into it
 and they realized that it had been robbed so they go a pirate must have gotten this.
 Let's find them.
 They have no idea who it could be though, but they do go to shore and they start asking
 around like hey did anything suspicious happen in this area?
 Eventually the kid goes well that's funny, he asked that governor.
 One day I was standing out on the beach and with me peepers I saw a little boat pull up
 and a guy get out and he seemed to have like a bundle with him.
 Maybe like money, maybe like he stole something so the cops are like okay that's the best
 lead we have.
 And as they keep asking people in the area they're like you know what it's super weird.
 Some guy that I had never seen before came to my pub and spent a bunch of money and was
 like entertaining all the girls and buying all these drinks.
 He's a real fancy dresser, not the normal type that comes in here and it was just this
 fantastic night.
 He closed the place down and cops are like okay that's interesting.
 And they follow a trail of parties.
 They basically are able to start to track down Albert because he partied so hard in
 all these different towns leading up to New York.
 He became a legend and the legend was this guy could just throw a huge rager.
 He would show up in town, fancy a dresser, drop a bunch of money and then leave.
 And the cops are now on the trail of this guy.
 At this point they don't know that this is Albert Hicks, the super notorious pirate who
 had been in operation for 25 years.
 He was just a guy who murdered three people because at this point you know they figured
 out the other people who were on the boat.
 Eventually they do catch up with Albert.
 The authorities come and arrest Albert and he was with his wife and his kid.
 They had no idea what had happened.
 They caught Albert and this is when he became the notorious pirate Albert Hicks.
 All of his stories were laid out for the public.
 And this is when he talks about he's murdered hundreds of people.
 He's been on the high seas.
 He's traveled the world.
 And not only that he also knew personally on a first name basis good old Lucifer.
 He wasn't just a pirate for money.
 He liked to murder people.
 It was a huge trial, super sensational at the time.
 But everyone knew he was guilty.
 The trial was basically just a show for him to be able to get up and talk about his career.
 Doing all these interviews with journalists.
 P.T.
 Barnum came out and said, "I want to take you on tour with my circus but obviously you're
 not going to get out of here."
 That's why he said Lucifer up until now has always provided me a way out.
 Because now he knows that he's doomed.
 There's no way he's walking away from this.
 P.T. Barnum says, "Can I get a wax mold of your face now because they're not going to
 let me do this after you die.
 Your property of the state.
 Let me get a wax mold of your face and I'm going to put you on tour.
 People are going to come out to see the notorious Albert Hicks."
 And Albert Hicks goes, "Yeah, sure.
 I will let you take this mask of me on one condition.
 You need to buy me a nice suit that I can wear on the day of my hanging."
 P.T.
 Barnum's like, "I'll do it."
 Yeah, yeah, that sounds like a good deal.
 Albert gave him the specifications of the type of suit he wanted and yeah, sure enough
 he was found guilty.
 It took the jury six minutes to deliberate.
 They didn't even leave the room.
 They're like, "Yeah, he's totally guilty."
 July 13th, 1860.
 Friday the 13th.
 And there's a lot of people who say, a lot of historians who say the execution of Albert
 Hicks is one of the main causes of why Friday the 13th is considered cursed.
 Like not everyone agrees, but there's a lot of historians who say we don't see a lot of
 talk about Friday the 13th being a bad day before Albert Hicks' execution, but we see
 a ton of it afterwards.
 So this may have been the main reason why we still associate that day with death and
 bad luck.
 The death of Albert Hicks, his public hanging, he was the last person to be publicly hanged
 in New York.
 It was such an event.
 New York Harbor was full of boats.
 People couldn't, there wasn't enough seats obviously to sit there to watch him hanging,
 so people showed up in their boats, their sloops probably, with binoculars, telescopes, 10,000
 people watched the hanging just by boat.
 It's not including everyone else who could somehow get a view.
 There was 10,000 people in the harbor to watch Albert Hicks get hanged, and he walks up to
 the gallows wearing an electric blue suit and a large wide brimmed hat pulled down
 over one eye.
 Quite, quite the scene, right?
 You're there to watch this notorious murderer get executed, and he's getting executed, but
 it's on his terms, right?
 He's wearing this fancy suit.
 He walks up, they put, they noose around his neck, and his final words were, "Hang me
 quick, make haste."
 His wax dummy, that was part of the PT Barnum show, was viewed by millions of people.
 People came out to see, because it was a real life cast of his face.
 That was as close as most people would ever get to this type of villain.
 He was, I guess I probably should have described him a little bit more early on, but he was
 a very good looking guy.
 He was a very handsome, broad-shouldered man who dressed well.
 Even when he was committing this despicable act, he was dressed incredibly well.
 He had the fedora-esque hat.
 He would wear suits.
 He would wear these nice clothes.
 He would wear these suits.
 He had his wide-brimmed hat, kind of like a fedora type hat.
 Because so many people saw his fashion choices at the execution, and now millions more are
 seeing this wax dummy, this very good looking man dressed up really nice.
 Because of his fashion choices, there's a lot of belief that this is the reason why
 the 1930s gangsters dressed the way they did.
 It was based on Albert Hicks.
 Because the way he dressed, the snazzy way he dressed with the big hat and the nice clothes
 and the long coat.
 He would wear a coat with long tails.
 People said that this went from being a real person to start appearing in fiction about
 bad guys, and they would always be dressed really nice with these long coats and these
 white hats.
 And then you would have the criminals emulate what they saw in fiction.
 And now that is the Chicago-era gangster.
 They were basing it on Albert Hicks.
 Fascinating story.
 It's interesting we can look at that.
 You go, "Maybe they were wearing trench coats because they could easily hide a large gun
 under the coat."
 That's why a gangster wears a trench coat.
 Sure, yeah, that makes sense.
 But when we look at it as a total picture, it does look like the style that we see in
 gangsters, you know, a hundred years after Albert Hicks, a lot of it was inspired by
 the snazzy dressing of this mad man murdering pirate.
 That is the story of Albert Hicks, a man, a murderous man.
 And really, that's all he ever wanted to be, a young boy who wanted to sail the high seas,
 not for adventure, not for fame, but for violence.
 He wanted to be a mad man.
 He wanted to get his money and then blow it as quickly as he could so he'd have an excuse
 to go out and get more.
 He truly was a psychopath.
 And if the ruler of hell is looking for anyone, anyone to stand by his side, he definitely
 wants to find lunatics like the notorious pirate Albert Hicks.
 DeadRabberRadio@gmail.com is going to be your email address.
 You can also do this up at facebook.com/DeadRabberRadio.
 TikTok is @DeadRabberRadio.
 DeadRabberRadio is the daily paranormal conspiracy and true crime podcast.
 You don't have to listen to it every day, but I'm glad you listened to it today.
 Have a great day guys.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
