 This is the story of a home of family game nights and living room dance recitals.
 Wow, that was some storm.
 It's also the story of an insurance company that offered information and advice to help prepare that home for the worst.
 If it matters to you, Traveler's Insurance will help protect it.
 Travelers, it's better under the umbrella.
 Speak to an independent agent today.
 In ancient China, a battle rages on, and a general comes up with a daring maneuver.
 Then we travel to Athens, Georgia to take a look at the portal to hell and a staircase that leads nowhere.
 Today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host Jason Carvener. I'm having a great day.
 I hope you guys are having a great day too. Don't forget Thanksgiving, 12 p.m.
 Pacific Standard Time. We're going to do a live stream episode on YouTube, a totally live episode.
 I'm going to be on a little bit earlier to talk to you guys after the episode.
 We'll continue the conversation, answer any questions, just kind of chat.
 If you guys don't go to the YouTube, don't worry.
 I'm going to upload that as a podcast episode later than night on Thursday.
 And then I'm not going to do an episode on Friday. That's going to be a little break.
 Those live episodes take a lot out of me, honestly.
 It takes a lot to sit in front of a webcam.
 It takes a lot to have to talk and know you're not going to be able to edit it.
 It's what it is. It's kind of draining as a performer.
 But I like spending that time with you, and we did the last Thanksgiving.
 It was totally awesome. And I know this Thanksgiving, it's even.
 I don't, it's so important. I don't even have to pronounce the G at the end.
 This Thanksgiving, not everyone can be with their family.
 So let's be a family together and tune into that live stream or listen to it later.
 But I'm sure maybe you have a family that loves you and you can spend time with them.
 Still listen to the, listen to the episode.
 But speaking of someone who does love you, let's give a round of applause to our newest Patreon supporter, Kim So-Raw.
 Kim So-Raw is walking in. She's blowing kisses to everyone.
 Oh, you caught one. Oh, that's pretty cute.
 Kim, you're going to be our captain or pilot of this episode.
 You can't support the Patreon. Totally understand. Just help spread the word about the show.
 That is a way you can also help out the show.
 So I turn around and Kim So-Raw already has a patch and a peg leg and like a bird.
 I don't know, I don't know how she's snuck in with all this stuff, but she's in full pirate gear and that's perfect.
 Because we are taking the dead rabbit dreadnought.
 So let's get her in the captain's perch and we are all sitting on the, the, the wood.
 We're just sitting on the wood of the ship as it sets sail to ancient China.
 [Exhales]
 We have to have a warship because we are headed into a battle zone.
 So everyone's sharpening their knives the whole time, getting ready, making shields, tearing the bow, tearing the wood of the boat apart.
 They're like, "Look, I made a bunch of shields as we're sinking."
 But it's okay. We're almost there.
 Now I found out about this story from Noyce Poetry.
 So I wanted to give a shout out to Noyce Poetry for bringing this story to my attention.
 That's really, really awesome.
 The year is 623 AD.
 [Groans]
 And then like Zack Snyder Rock music starts playing and you're like Jason explain the same first.
 Just don't make grunting noises and then add a soundtrack.
 What it is, it's old timey.
 So it's all like sepia tone, but like red and stuff because you know, there's the sun.
 It's a army of nomads coming over the hills.
 [Groans]
 Now you guys get the visual right? They're moving all slow.
 Generals like, "Dude, we could run in slow motion. We got a battle to fight."
 These are members of the Tuyan Kingdom and they've had their eyes on the Gansu province.
 Are they ready to take it?
 I don't know why nomads have a kingdom, but the kingdom constantly moves.
 The castle, they're like, "Where do we put the castle?"
 It's over there now.
 This army of nomads lay siege to the Gansu province.
 Now the Gansu province was territory of the Tang Dynasty.
 And the emperor sitting back at home and he's like, "Hey, did you hear that rock music?"
 I'm pretty sure he got invaded. I heard rock music and the generals are like, "Yeah, we heard that too. It was pretty bitchin'.
 So the emperor sends out General Chai Shao to go there, to go to Gansu and say, "You're really a general. You can kind of think outside the box."
 General Chai takes his army out to meet them at Gansu province.
 But see, the nomads have been there for so long and it's kind of a hilly area that when the Tang troops get there, they're just getting picked off by arrows.
 The nomads have a high ground. They've got a whole bunch of arrows. They prepared for this.
 They didn't just bring one. They're recycling. They prepared for this.
 So they're just picking off troops constantly. General Chai is like, "Okay."
 Because I need to take that hill, but it's pretty well defended.
 I got all these men here, but I think I'm going to need to send in a special strike team.
 Some time passes. And the nomads are on the top of the hill. They got their arrows ready.
 They're waiting for these troops to make another move.
 But the troops aren't making a move. Instead, an elite task force of only three soldiers are moving behind enemy lines.
 As the nomads are in their battle formation, just in case the Tang forces advance again, behind them, they hear...
 [singing]
 And they're like, "Okay, that's not a joke. That's not as excited a joke. That's actual music playing."
 [singing]
 And a couple of the nomads turn around to see where the music's coming from. And on a hill, overlooking the Nomad camp are three figures.
 One of them has a little guitar. Technically, it's called a pipa. But if you guys get it, it's a string instrument.
 [singing]
 But that's not what's keeping the nomads' attention.
 Nomads like, "Hey, look at...look what's up on that hill." And another guy turns around and is like, "Oh my God."
 Because what is on the top of the hill is not only a do with a pipa, but two super hot chicks dancing sexy.
 They're all rubbing up on each other. They're getting...I'm not making that up to be sleetious either.
 They were doing an erotic dance with each other to the sound of...
 [singing]
 You might have had a better tune than that. The nomads see these two hot women bumping and grinding a dude with a little guitar playing a song,
 and they're absolutely mesmerized by the beauty, the sheer eroticism of this moment.
 And in that moment, you're kind of lost, right? Maybe you haven't seen a woman in 30 years. You're a nomad. You keep forgetting where you put the women.
 But as you're watching these women, you start to hear noises. You start to hear noises about 4,000 men behind you.
 [singing]
 It seems to get a little closer. You're still mesmerized by this awesome sight you're seeing. Maybe about 800 men behind you.
 [singing]
 Stop looking at...Pay attention!
 No, no, the people are still watching this. General Chai slaughtered 500 men, because the majority of them were staring at hot chicks.
 Now, there was more than 500 men there. He's just...that's all he could do. He's like, "Oh, my arm's cramping up, guys. Let's take a break."
 We should have stretched before this massacre. The rest of them ran away. I would be furious, dude.
 First off, I'd be furious that I was so far back in the crowd that I couldn't see the girls. I just see two kind of like feminine shaped blurry objects.
 I'm like, "Is that a mirage? Are those two palm trees like knocking up against each other in the wind?"
 I'd be mad that I don't have a good front seat view. Secondly, I'd be mad that as the arrow is going through my neck,
 I see the guys in front of me still hanging out with these chicks, still trying to get their phone number, still trying to invent a phone and the number system, just so they can get their phone number.
 I'd be super mad that my compatriots, my countrymen were so thirsty that 500 dudes got killed, and then the rest just ran away.
 So that is the story of General Chai, his ultimate secret weapon. They should use this in war more often.
 But here's my question. When I was telling this story, I kind of paused. Did he bring the two hot chicks with him?
 Like, was General Chai lead this army out into the middle of nowhere, into Gansi province? Sorry if you live there. I'm sure it's a lovely place.
 I heard they have great entertainment, but he's leading this army out there and the whole time, like his sergeants were like, "Dude, we are well stocked for the war," and General Chai's like, "Yes."
 The sergeants were like, "But I do have a question about them!" And on the horse, the next one was, "Dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude." And there's two chicks dancing on the horse.
 And General Chai's like, "Listen, I don't know. I need them. I might not. We may get there. The nomads may not be prepared. We take them by surprise."
 Or they could be on a hill shooting arrows at us. The sergeants were like, "That's a weird contingency plan."
 But that is why he was a general and the other guy was a sergeant. He could think two steps ahead.
 Kim, so raw. Let's go ahead and hop in the carbonar copter. We're gonna get you in the pilot seat of that.
 You're still wearing your pirate costume. Might be a little hard with a patch in your eye to fly an advanced helicopter.
 But I'm sure you will do a great job. We are leaving behind Gansi province in China. We are headed out to Athens, Georgia.
 Georgia. It's a long trip. The whole time and practicing my dance moves. I'm making you play
 a guitar and...You're like, my fingers are bleeding. I'm dancing in front of you. C'mon
 man keep dancing. Is this distracting you? You're like, "It's annoying me" is what it's
 doing. We're flying out to Athens, Georgia and I want you to fly over there. I'm kind
 of pointing out the helicopter as I'm still wiggling. I want you to fly over there and
 we're flying over and we see in Georgia, off the Atlanta highway is a hobby lobby. And
 standing outside that store is a young man named Tyler. Now I recently had an interview.
 I recently was interviewed by a journalist about podcasts and how they find sources, how
 they verify sources, how they cite sources. It was kind of behind the scenes, podcasting
 thing like that, ethics in sourcing. And Tyler was the one who was writing that article and
 interviewed me with them. He posted that on Reddit looking for interviews so I went
 through his Reddit history because I think that's kind of what everyone does. And I
 saw that he also had posted about something known as the portal of hell. So I said, "Tell
 you what young man, I'll make you a trade. I will do your interview for you, but I want
 to hear your story about the portal of hell." So as we're flying over this location in Georgia,
 we see Tyler waving at us and Kimso Ross getting ready to land and I'm like, "No, no,
 we're not actually going to land on this story." Just kind of hover here and Tyler's like
 shucking his shoulders down there. This is an interesting story, but I don't really
 want to go too in depth to it, but it's a good gateway for our next story. So we're
 sure we'll leave Tyler hanging out down there. He packed a lunch. He packed a whole picnic
 for us. In Georgia off the Atlanta highway, there is a location known as the portal of
 hell or hell's gate. It's behind the Hobby Lobby. Oh no, no, no, no, no. It's actually
 behind Beach Haven Baptist Church. Or does it exist at all? This is an interesting story,
 but it's just a little bite-sized story. There's an old spooky house in this area that was
 built in 1910. And supposedly, and I read this, I read a bunch of sources on this. Tyler
 told me a version of this story, I read other versions of this story. There's an altar
 in the backyard. There's rumors of Satan worshipers, KKK members running the house. There's a
 naked guy on a horse, which puts the other two groups to shame, right? Like Satanists,
 yeah, you know whatever, the little cliche, KKK, again, little cliche. Naked guy on a
 horse. That's pretty dope. You can touch a tree out there, it bleeds. The reason why
 we're not landing for this story is because this is a typical urban legend in a town,
 a spooky house in a location off the beaten track. So it's not at the Hobby Lobby. You
 don't walk into Hobby Lobby and it's there. It's like behind the Hobby Lobby. And even
 the fact that they can't really agree on, because I read a bunch of different sources
 on this, they can't agree on the location, also adds the idea that this is probably a
 story crafted around a location than a location having a story organically. But every neighborhood
 has one of these houses. Every neighborhood has the spooky house. What's interesting about
 this house is two things. One, it's very well known. If I tried finding spooky houses in
 my hometown or your hometown or whatever, unless it's Amityville, you're gonna have
 a hard time finding a lot of resources on this. There were so many resources on the
 portal of hell in Georgia that there was enough to start contradicting each other. All these
 different legends people had heard growing up. They're posting them on Reddit, they're
 posting them on these websites. So although that was interesting, normally they don't
 get so famous they have multiple mentions across the websites. But then something else
 is going on and Tyler keyed me in on this and when he was talking about it, my eyebrow
 kind of raised, the house is now private property and they're going to demolish it or renovate
 the entire area to build some sort of park. To preserve the area. And the reason why that
 raised my eyebrow, it's probably the same reason why it should have raised your eyebrow,
 we've talked about this a lot of times on the show. Places that have a reputation for
 being haunted. Being purchased by the local government or a group of outside interests
 like the dark entity or the dark entity association bought that place in Connecticut. We've seen
 this happen several times. The US government built a base around the hole that Charles
 Manson was going to go in after Helter Skelter, which he believe led to paradise under earth.
 There's a lot of different examples where these places that are supposedly haunted or
 have some sort of power, the government buys it up and they are looking at this. I saw that
 they did fill out budgetary concerns to do all this stuff. But I wouldn't be surprised
 if this goes on for years and years and years and they never do anything with the area and
 it's just a cordoned off area that they can say, "Oh, no trespassing, this is actually
 county property. We're going to be building something here, it's not safe." And they just
 keep it that way for 10, 15, 20 years and the legend grows. Which would make me think
 that there may be something actually behind the portal of hell as far as a paranormal activity
 goes. Or you have government officials who just like riding in their horses naked and
 that's the safest place to do it. Listen to that, you want to know what's shocking though
 outside of Saint worshippers riding horses naked to fix this area up for a park, $13
 million. If you gave me $13 million I would give every person in Georgia a piggyback ride.
 That's funner than a park. Now Kim, go ahead and pick up Tyler, put him in the carbon
 decopter, he has a picnic lunch ready for us, we are headed out to a truly terrifying story
 in Athens, Georgia. Pretty sure the portal of hell was on the outskirts of Athens, Georgia,
 I don't think it was in the city proper. But now we are actually in Athens, Georgia, we're
 headed to the University of Georgia. So I hope you guys brought your schoolbooks, I
 hope you guys brought your scantrons. We all hop out of the carbon decopter, we're walking
 around the University of Georgia. This was the other story Tyler told me and this was
 one that again had a ton of sources on, really good source of information for this type of
 stuff. Really weird one. We're going to let Kim lead the way though, we're going to let
 Kim lead the way with a flashlight, we're walking through the darkness, we're sneaking
 onto campus, it's night, we're headed to Joe Brown Hall. Open the door, it's all spooky.
 Actually the hall is not spooky itself, it's just one part of it, I'm sure the door is
 automated. But anyways we're walking through Joe Brown Hall. Joe Brown Hall is just another
 building on campus. Dorm rooms, teachers offices, there's a little debate about that. We'll
 put a pin in that for right now. But it's a typical college building. Now according
 to Carol Bishop, she's the archival assistant of the Special Collections Library and she
 also runs a ghost tour here at University of Georgia. In 1971, Thanksgiving break, ooh
 I didn't realize it's super close. There's a student, he's the only one in the dorms.
 Everyone else has gone for student break, he wanted to stay home and play pong or something.
 Whatever he did back in 1971 for fun. Just sit there, inanimate, that's what they love
 to do. But something went wrong, deadly wrong, because after Thanksgiving break people come
 back and they're like oh that was so good, I ate all that turkey. They're walking into
 school and there is this student, this nameless student hanging in his door room. Super gross,
 right? He'd been hanging for three or four days and when the janitors came everyone's
 like I'll manage to say Thanksgiving. Throwing it up, stove top stuff in everywhere. The
 janitors come in, the cleaning crew comes in and they said it was so gross and so gory.
 They don't matter how much they tried cleaning up the blood, cleaning up the body fluids,
 all this stuff, they could never get all the stains out, they couldn't get the smell out.
 It had been three days, hold your questions guys, hold your questions. It had been three
 whole days according to Carol Bishop or maybe five, doesn't matter. It was so stinky that
 they just said we can't do this anymore. So the doorway to his dorm room, they walled
 in. But there's a curious little reminder of this story, there's actually a staircase
 in Joe Brown Hall that dead ends to a wall. That is the story of the staircase to nowhere.
 Or is it? No it's not. There's more to the story, there's more to the story because I'll
 tell you this right now. I used to work at a crematory, bodies can start smelling, bodies
 will smell after five days and they'll get all gory and goopy and stuff like that. But
 not to the point that you couldn't clean them up. Like unless they had, oh it was the 70s,
 maybe they had really thick shag carpet. I'm gonna bet dollars to donuts that you could
 clean up five day old gore. I'd almost be certain of that. I'm not saying it would be
 the place people would want to live in their door room, yippee! I got the tragedy room,
 but you could do it. If you had your choice between eliminating a room and walling it
 up and plastering it over or just spending a weekend scrubbing and ripping out carpet
 and tile and stuff like that, it doesn't make sense. But that's why that story actually
 is not true. That story is not true. There's another version of the story that I found multiple
 times online. There was a police cadet at the time. He was working at the police academy
 and one of the things they do to the new cadets is they make him look at really gross photos.
 Make him look at like people popping pimples, people pulling slivers out underneath their
 fingernails and cops are like "Oh, is this disgusting? Does this have anything to do
 with their job?" The chiefs are like "No, I just have a fetish for watching young men
 have disgusting looks on their faces." That's my thing. He says that an unknown year, he
 said "I don't remember the year it happened. I remember seeing the photos and I remember
 being told this story. It was late summer. It was around August, was this guy's story.
 There was a professor who had a staircase that led right into his office in Joe Brownhall.
 He was also an avid fan of autoerotic affixiation. If you don't know what that is, you don't
 have to hang yourself, but it's where you cut off the supply of oxygen to your brain
 as you're masturbating and then right before you, orgasm, for lack of a better word, there's
 a lot of words. I don't have a lack of a word, but in polite company, right before you orgasm
 you'll stop choking yourself and the blood goes back into your brain and it's this supposedly
 amazing rush. I never tried it. You should be evident I'm still alive. It's super dangerous,
 it can kill you and maybe you just start off using your hand, but eventually it's August
 of an unknown year and you're tying a noose because that's how a lot of people do it.
 That's how the leasing of in excess died. That's how Kung Fu died, David Carradine.
 You have, it's super dangerous. So the idea is this professor really left autoerotic affixiation
 when he messed up and he hung there for anywhere from a few weeks to a full month. Now we're
 cooking with bodily fluids, right? After a couple weeks, you're going to have a really
 hard time getting that smell out. You're going to have a really, really hard time getting
 that smell out. I mean, again, five days isn't going to be easy. I'm not going to be like,
 what? No, why? They can happen here. It doesn't smell so bad. As it sits and it soaks and it
 gets all gory and more elements of the decay are coming in and the blood turns black and
 all that stuff. It gets super, super thick. He basically was mel- It was like if you were
 holding a popsicle on a rope on a hot day. You probably didn't need that visual, but
 he was just melting out of the noose. So it's George's summers. So it's getting extra boiling
 in there. You guys like, take it Jason. I'm eating a pot pie right now. Can you stop talking
 about this? Okay, sure, sure. And so for, there is no way they were going to get that
 smell out. They tried over and over again. This cop said he had actually heard that they
 sent in firefighters with scuba tanks on and even they were throwing up, which would be
 hilarious to watch a scuba tank throw up. Hopefully it was one of those big old timey
 ones with like the glass viewpoint, the big ball heading, just see it filling up with
 puke. You're like, Jason, I'm still eating my pot pie. I'm still eating my pot pie.
 Sorry. I should think we're done. So anyways, that was that story and I've seen that story
 go around as well. Now what's interesting is there are parts of the story that are
 true. The main part of the story, like the portal to hell, people can't even really agree
 where the building's at. Joe Brown Hall does have a staircase that leads to nowhere. It
 leads to a dead end and I'll actually post a photo on my Twitter and my Instagram because
 I want you guys to see it. Somebody painted an infinite doorway on the wall. It's really
 cool looking. So it's like you get to the top of the stairs and you're just looking down
 infinity. It's that what is it? The Kruger effect or something like that where you can
 see the image keep getting reflected farther than farther than that. Really cool. It's
 true. There is a staircase leading to a wall. Your mind thinks obviously that's not a design
 quirk. There must have been something behind that wall. But you're hearing the story about
 the student who, in the version that I read from Carol, it wasn't implied that it was
 autoerotic affixiation. It wasn't specifically stated as suicide either. So maybe she was
 keeping it clean for the students. The police cadet goes, "Oh no, the dude was checking
 off." But the big difference was it was a professor in his office and it was in August
 in this hot August sun for a week or a month. The other one was a cold Georgia Thanksgiving
 break. Let's give a shout out to PHP Apple and Gaius Julius Kaiser. They actually did
 a lot of digging on this. They were posting this on Reddit. Really found the truth behind
 this story. March 2nd, 1972, they found the article, they found the exact date that will
 tell us what happened behind that wall. 26 year old University of Georgia student Stanley
 Park Haddock hung himself in his dorm room. He'd only been up there for a few days. But
 the reason why the cops don't think it was a suicide was because his pants were down
 around his ankles. So they're looking at it and they're going, "This is weird. It's
 super weird. Like we've seen it before, autoerotic affixiation happens." But it's also possible
 that maybe he hated pants. He hated pants so he wanted to take them off and commit suicide.
 But there's an odd clue in this story. When Tyler told me it, I was like, "What are you
 talking about? I didn't say that to him." He's like, "And then they found." And I was
 like, "What? I'm thinking, okay, what does that mean?" But when I read it in context
 I was like, "Oh, okay. Now I know what Tyler was trying to say." Not only did they find
 a dead man hanging with his pants around his ankles, they found donuts. I was like, "Who
 cares if they found donuts?" But apparently this was the clue. This is why I'm not a police
 officer. When the police walked in, they found this guy hanging with his pants around his
 ankles. They found fresh donuts. Well, they wore fresh when he bought them five days ago,
 but they found new donuts. And they're so funny. This is what the cops thought. And this is
 true. They thought no one would ever buy fresh donuts and then kill themselves because donuts
 were hands down the most delicious food out there. There is no one on earth who would
 come home with a dozen donuts, set them down and goes, "Now my story is over. The saga
 of me comes to an end." You'd eat the donuts and then you'd feel better and then everything
 in life would go on. That was their clue. The pants around the ankles you could figure
 out, I don't know, maybe he was, maybe he borrowed his big brother's jeans, but the
 donuts, the brand new donuts made them think that he had actually accidentally killed himself
 doing an autoerotic asphyxiation. It's tragic. I think it's an interesting story and we
 are walking out of there with the donut. Stanley is looking down on us as a ghost
 he's waving to us. He's eating ghost donuts. So everything worked out okay. But as we're
 walking down the staircase and we're eating donuts, something still doesn't sit right
 with me with this story. Even though this is a true story, I don't think that's what's
 behind the wall. Hear me out. Nowhere in that article that I read did they say, and then
 the maintenance crew sealed up his dorm room. No one would ever get in there again. They
 just said on March 2nd, which again, very good weather. You're not going to have massive
 levels of super stinky decay. Again, I'm not saying you want a dead body in your house
 for five days. What I'm saying is that's not a level where you would never be able to
 clean it up. Nowhere in the article does it say that they sealed it up. This is my theory.
 That yes, that story is true. That Stanley did have a horrible accident and accidentally
 killed himself. But I don't think that's what's behind that wall of that staircase. Because
 I've been in a lot of dorm rooms in my life and I've never seen one that has a staircase
 for a single room. I mean, you gotta be like cock of the block if you're like, "See you
 guys later, you're walking up the stairs to your room." That doesn't make sense. And
 what's interesting is when Tyler first told me this story, he said, and I might be misquoting
 him, but I believe this is what I heard, he said that behind that walled up door is an
 entire hallway, which I would think would imply there's other multiple rooms back there.
 That makes sense. The idea of a stairway going to just one room, you have an entire floor
 dedicated to one room, it doesn't make sense. I think that the story of Stanley is true
 and that story has been transported to answer the mystery of what that staircase leads
 to. When in fact, that's not true. Now, Stanley's room could have been one of the several rooms
 in that hall. But if you have one room that's super stinky and as a college you want to
 maximize the people on your campus, are you going to shut down an entire floor, half a
 floor, a wing, because one room's super stinky? Give them a discount, give those kids a discount.
 You figure a way to take care of that without shutting off access to an entire wing. There's
 no way that door only leads to one room. It doesn't make sense from a design standpoint.
 They want to shut all these rooms down just because it's stank. They definitely want to
 keep it shut down all this time. It happened back in 1972. You can get out smell, you can
 wipe away gore, you can clean up messes. But let's put on our conspiracy caps here and
 wrap the episode up like this. One thing that's hard to get rid of is paranormal activity.
 Exorcist or not, sage, cleansings, anything like that, salt. If something's powerful
 enough, if something wants to stay long enough, it's not going to leave. Someone complains
 about the smell, you can cover up the smell. Someone wakes up in the middle of the night
 and there's a 24 year old man standing at the foot of their bed. How do you deal with
 that complaint? Some kid's doing his homework late at night, has his headphones on, and
 starts to feel like something's different in the room. And doesn't realize that just
 inches behind him, there's a face staring at the back of his head. In the shower room,
 you think you're alone until you hear wet footsteps walking behind you. These are things
 that no cleanup crew can take care of. Now would be a reason why you would seal off an
 entire wing. So if you ever find yourself in Athens, Georgia, I dare you to try to find
 out what's behind that bricked up door. Sure, there's another access point. A window you
 can scurry through, a heating vent for John McClain, you can pop through the heating vent.
 And you'll find yourself in a darkened hallway that no living human has been in for almost
 50 years. Sealed off from the world. Moonlight coming in through a window that people have
 not glanced out of for decades. And while you're in this dark hallway, you have your
 sage, you have your crucifix, you're ready for anything. But then you smell a familiar
 smell. A smell that reminds you of happiness. You turn around and see a box of fresh donuts
 sitting in the darkness in front of you. You know your time is up. You know that this
 spirit is about to take you into the shadow realm. But at least before you die, you get
 to eat a donut. You get to eat a ghost donut and then you die.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (bright music)
