 Infuse your life with color with plants from Proven Winners. With hundreds of
 annuals, perennials and shrubs in striking colors and bold patterns, you'll
 find the perfect assortment to match your unique style. I know I can count on
 them to flourish in my garden since they've been tested for years. Grow
 color, grow success, grow Proven Winners. Find them in their white branded
 containers at your local garden center. Proven Winners, the brand gardeners trust.
 A man finds himself pulled into the bowels of hell and it turns out that hell
 isn't what you thought it was. It is eternal torment but we'll get to that
 story. It's quite odd. I was a little disappointed. I was a little disappointed
 how hell turned out. And then we meet a young boy who has a terrifying dream of
 a blood-soaked bathroom. But that's all it was right. A dream. Well that's what he
 thought until as an adult he found himself walking into that exact same
 bathroom. Today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 Hey everyone welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio. I'm your
 host Asa Carpenter. I'm having a great day. I hope you guys are having a great
 day too. I hope you guys had an awesome weekend. Hope it was lots and lots of fun.
 We got a lot of stuff to cover sure we're gonna get started right away. First off
 someone who always knows how to have fun whether it's the weekend or not is
 today's book buyer. I think I need to give you guys an official title. I got a new
 book sent to me so everyone get on your feet and give a round of applause for
 Tayshana. Woohoo yeah walk on in Tayshana bringing that book cart and all of them
 books. Tayshana recently purchased off my Amazon wishlist the book about the
 history of Blockbuster video called Built to Fail. The inside story of
 Blockbuster's incredible bust. I actually got this book. Thank you so much
 Tayshana. I got this book as I was leaving to go to the doctor to get my
 COVID medication. They put me on some pretty gnarly antivirals and they locked
 me. They locked me. Let's not exaggerate but I did have to sit in this pod outside
 of the medical center for a while and I read like half the book so it was a
 great timing. And I love Blockbuster. I love those video stories. It's a really
 interesting book. The answer it starts off by saying I'm sure you think that
 Blockbuster failed because of Netflix. That's what everybody thinks. That's
 what even Blockbuster executives think. The reason why it fell apart was because
 Netflix came around and knocked him off but that is not the case. That is not
 the case. The book does a really good job detailing the fall of Blockbuster
 video and that was a big part of my childhood. So thank you Tayshana for
 sending me that book. You're gonna be our captain our pilot this episode. If you
 guys can't support the show if you guys can't buy me books that's totally fine.
 It really really is. Just help spread the word about Dead Rabbit Radio. That helps
 out so so much and I see you guys doing it. I see you guys talking about it
 online so that is absolutely fantastic. Tayshana let's go ahead and I'm gonna
 toss you the keys to the Dead Rabbit Dune Buggy. We're gonna leave behind Dead
 Rabbit Command. We're gonna drive all the way out to Michigan.
 [imitates gunfire]
 And we're not gonna be spending a lot of time in Michigan so if you're hoping to
 go see all the tourist sites in Michigan are there any? Probably not. But if you
 were hoping to see those things walk around you're like well that's about it.
 Nothing historical happened here. That's we're not gonna be here for long. Don't
 worry because we're actually going to hell. We're going to hell. I'm sure that's far
 more entertaining than Michigan but we have to make a stop here because we're
 about to meet a priest named Gerald Johnson. And Gerald Johnson recently
 posted this story on TikTok about the time he went to hell. I know it's a little
 weird, right? There's gonna be a lot of questions you have about this. I actually
 think he probably did really experience something. It is kind of weird that if
 you had happened to plummet through multiple dimensions and found yourself in
 the one known as hell you would post about it on TikTok. Maybe he's given
 sermons on this. I don't think the first thing he did when he came back to life
 was like give me my phone. I have to release a one minute long video on this.
 He probably talked to his congregation and things like that. We know about it
 because of his TikTok videos. It's gone viral the time he went to hell. I mean if
 anything's gonna go viral, right? It's the story of a priest who went to hell and
 came back. Gerald Johnson said back in 2016 he had a heart attack. Michigan was
 just too exciting for him and he's like I can't take it anymore. He had a heart
 attack and he said I felt my soul leaving my body. This was it. I was
 done and it was time for me to go up and sit with the Lord in heaven because I'd
 done nothing but good works on earth. I dedicated my life to Christ. So that's
 part of the deal, right? I did that. So now I get to go to heaven but what he
 realized very quickly was that he was headed in the wrong direction. So he
 says that hell, literal hell, the dimension that souls go to be tormented
 until the end of time, is in the middle of the earth. He goes that's true. There's
 not a molten core there. Well it is probably pretty hot down there but he
 goes you actually go through the planet. You're like going through like the
 crust. You're like going through the mantle and all that stuff. It's just like
 you're bored. You're looking at your watch as you're passing dinosaur
 skeletons and then finally he found himself in hell and he couldn't figure
 out why he was down here. He should have gone to heaven. All of the good works
 he's done. Why is he in hell? Just the theory, just the idea right now of a
 priest going to hell, that in and of itself is fascinating. The end near death
 experiences being negative is also super fascinating because we see most
 near death experiences are heavenly or this peaceful utopia, pure bliss. We did
 a whole episode on negative near death experiences. I'll put that in the show
 notes but we're about to meet a man we've already met him. We're waving
 goodbye to his soul. He's getting dragged in hell. My demons are like see you later
 man. We're taking the watch off of his body. He's getting pulled into hell but
 he goes on to say the things I saw down there were quote indescribable which I
 would imagine. I was saying about this the other day. I will be disappointed if
 the afterlife has a floor. I was looking at some image, some some fractal version of
 the afterlife and there was a floor and I go I'll be really disappointed that
 when I die and I go to the world after this one if there's ground I want nothing
 underneath me. I just want to fly around and not land but knowing that there's
 ground is a limiter. Even if I could fly through the ground I'm like I'm just
 underground. It's kind of boring. Like are there tunnels down here? I don't know but
 I don't want there to be any ground. Does that make sense? That might be the weirdest thing
 you've ever said on this fly to gas and you said a lot. If I die and all of a
 sudden like I'm standing on a cloud I'm gonna be like what's in this cloud? What's
 in this cloud? This is my first thing not where all my loved ones. Did we win the
 war against the insectoids? When I die the first thing I'm gonna ask is what's
 in this cloud? Swimming around in it. They're like are you destroying our
 firmament? No ground. I don't want any dirt. Not that I'm against dirt but what
 I'm saying is ground is a limiter. So if I die and then I just appear on a
 slightly more peaceful earth I'm gonna be kind of bummed out. I mean I love earth.
 But I wonder just how abstract things are. So when he said what I saw was
 indescribable I go no ground no ground right? There was a ground down there. I
 think me and Mr. Johnson I don't know if he goes by Father Johnson but because I
 don't believe he's a Catholic priest but me and Gerald Johnson where we
 differ I think is that when I say indescribable I would think it's so
 abstract that the human mind... there's no words in any known language that can
 explain what's in front of me. Like it is truly indescribable. He then goes on
 though to describe in relatively... I mean it's just it's underwhelming.
 I was a long way to say I was like oh that's hell. Sounds kind of lame. Now again
 if you were there and you knew you're gonna be there for all of eternity you'd
 be the most horrific place to be. It was indescribable but then he tells us he
 gives us two anecdotes from hell. One is terrifying but still a little
 underwhelming. He says when he's down there he goes everything is spoken of
 telepathically. You instinctively know what's going on everywhere. Now that's
 cool that's cool detail right that would be something I would think would happen
 in the afterlife. The limitations of language. Why would those be a thing in
 the after? Most people probably had their tongues ripped out the first time they
 showed up there but anyways he comes down he goes I knew all this stuff
 instantly telepathically he goes I saw I saw a demon. He didn't explain what the
 demon looked like was it like a really cool demon was it CGI look like a guy in
 a rubber suit we don't know but anyways he saw a demon walking by.
 Which ever is there that's kind of funny right you're just like oh no I'm in hell and he was like hey
 hey Jerry this demon walks by and he has a human pet. He said there was a human
 walking on all fours like a dog his eyes bulging out of his head and this demon
 had a leash around his neck and was walking him like a dog and the dude's
 skin was completely burned off it was just all like just open sores muscle
 tissue being exposed to the element and he's crawling on the ground his eyes
 bulging out of his head and the demon is walking him like a dog and he goes I
 telepathically knew that this is creepy like again you can hear like Jason that dog fart was
 pretty creepy too. I thought this was creepier. He said I knew that when that
 man was born on earth that demon who's now walking him like a dog that demon
 was sent up there to torment him from babyhood to adulthood to death. This
 demon had followed this man around from the time that he was a child to the time
 that he died constantly tempting him constantly leading him from the path of
 salvation and the demon had won. The demon had broken this man over the course
 of his life and now this man will forever be a slave in hell to this demon and
 he goes that's how demons work if they can earn your soul if they can constantly
 keep you off the right path of why you were put here on earth in the first
 place they have you as their slave forever in hell. I was like that's really
 cool that's really cool world-building I had never heard that theory before and
 obviously demons tempting people that's nothing new but the idea that the demon
 gets something out of it other than just satisfaction of leading people astray
 it was the fact that they earned that soul in hell I was like wow that's really
 creepy but I also keep picturing this guy walking on his hands and knees now see
 if I went to hell like here's the thing like I would imagine things way
 grosser the goal is and what what you can imagine and please don't say what is
 gonna come out of your mouth because I'm sure it's horrific so not what you
 imagine it's what's really down there if I saw a man walking on all fours
 flame on fire right it's gonna all been burned off and a demon had a leash around
 his neck I would wonder I'd go hey demon why does he still
 I'm hoping the demons out there like a we didn't think about that wouldn't it be
 better instead of him walking on his hands and his knees why don't you cut off
 his calves so then he's walking on like open stumps as well because a dog doesn't
 have long legs you know you know he walks on all fours if those little little
 I'm just gonna get the legs I'm just giving the claim right I care of it like I
 would assume or turn him into a dog turn him into Snoopy or something turn him
 into a dog but with a human brain and he's constantly like no no I used to be
 a man I used to be a man and now I'm now I'm Snoopy in hell there's way worse
 stuff you know what I mean so I mean it's like that is really cool world
 building the fact that the demons earn your soul but it like listen just to be
 clear I don't want to walk I want to walk on all fours for all of eternity
 that would suck but I think it would be way worse if I was walking on like open
 stumps yes Jason you're right you're right demons aren't cruel enough well if
 you think that we got one other place to visit because this guy listed two places
 one he saw a dog walk by and not not a dog he saw a man acting like a dog walk
 by I also thought that some people's fetish they read that they used to be
 really good people and now they're like just start messing stuff up they're
 like pushing kids over and then they're like alright I'm gonna be one of those
 dog people for eternity rough rough that you know like people are into that some
 people are into that there's another part of hell that he went to that is all
 music all music all the time it's very interesting I remember there it is
 stated that Lucifer I don't know if it's actually in the Bible but I it might be
 but I remember growing up that loot hearing that Lucifer was the angel of
 music and there was always a group of Christians who believed that music
 itself was satanic that's interesting thing is music is such a part of the
 human condition any baby any baby at all will start moving to a rhythm it's just
 part of the human condition there's a demon behind him dancing he's like oh
 we're gonna have a fun time when you're in hell as an adult dog but anyways you
 as babies dance everyone has some sense of rhythm to them far the human
 condition but I've also heard that Lucifer is the angel of music like all
 music comes from Satan even Christian music I actually want to do a little
 more research on that I might do a that is a topic one of these days because
 it's fascinating anyways this part of hell is the musical part of hell but
 it's demons singing the songs and you're trapped there and you have to listen to
 demons sing these songs all the time I mean this is a dog walking around on
 hot coals for the rest of time
 sitting there listening to music you're like okay this is bad but it's not that
 bad you're pointing out of that guy he names here's the problem I remember my
 dad said this my dad's Southern Baptist minister growing up he goes don't ever
 describe heaven or hell he goes most religions don't really go into detail
 with the afterlife because the thing is is it gets outdated really really
 quickly if you had a religion today if Southern Baptists were using the
 definition of heaven based on statements made in 30 AD it would be
 completely outdated it would be stuff like you'll sit there and you'll see wheat
 fields as far as the eye can see and all of the all of in date trees you could
 ever imagine people now I don't want any of that stuff I'm glue I have a gluten
 intolerance and I hate olives so you can't really go into detail of what
 heaven and hell is because they did the terms just become outdated and I think
 that's the thing here too you can detail hell and you can go there's a satanic
 symphony there to punish people specifically who listen to secular
 music on earth and didn't listen to music that uplifted God's message so now
 they're trapped here but he names the songs like if you just leave it at that
 you're like oh that'd be horrible to hear a bunch of demons your horrific
 cacophony of guttural noises no they're actually singing don't worry be happy
 what you imagine would get kind of old after the one billionth time don't worry
 be happy and apparently also Rihanna's song umbrella which has long been rumored
 to be a love song written to Lucifer to begin with but I mean like that it's
 just for the novelty alone right it would be like going to see like the
 Chuck E cheese band do their version of like a virgin by Madonna right just the
 novelty of it sure it's gonna sound terrible but it would be something you
 could say it was so weird I went to check your cheese the other night they were
 playing like a virgin you're like what so that's that's it was all that he could
 tell us about hell he might have other stuff that truly is indescribable he it
 was like a very short tiktok video and he says just talking about it makes his
 nauseous oh I guess I should wrap up this story I was like oh and he's still in
 hell to this day he's tiktok in room hell he said that while he's in hell and
 he's listening to this horrific music he's like no no Bob McFerrin what have
 you done to my soul he starts to get really mad at God and he's like God I
 was your servant on earth why did you send me to hell and God reaches down and
 picks him up and is pulling him out of hell and he goes I thought this was
 interesting because this this is true I think for everybody he goes you did good
 stuff but you hated your enemies not only did you hate your enemies you in
 your heart wished that I would punish them you wanted divine eternal
 punishment against people who had simply wronged you over on the galactic scale
 fairly minor things you're not on earth to wish my punishment upon other people
 I've forgiven you if you can't forgive them then you are you truly forgiven
 because basically like a life lesson and brought back to life he said go forth
 and tell the tiktokers what happened here it's an interesting story I think
 he had some experience I'm not saying that he's making it up or he's a fraud or
 anything like that I think you probably did have some sort of experience they do
 have negative non-death experiences I just thought it was fascinating one that
 you had a man of the cloth get thrown to hell and then also just like yeah I
 feel like that hell was a little underwhelming I guess I just thought it
 was going to be there's gonna be like more pizzazz or something like that or
 even just scarier right what would be scarier to you you die that's already
 terrifying quit couldn't mention he that's sometimes we're all gonna die you
 die and then you find yourself walking on all fours you're on fire your skin's
 been seared off and there's a demon has at least around your neck now again some
 of you guys you're like you like that stuff you're totally into it what's
 scarier though that or you die and it's pitch black you can't see anything I
 think you guys know where this is going like imagine it's in the pitch black
 forget being able to see other stuff because then you can be like hey Johnny
 you see he's being treated like a pony a demon's riding them you're like that
 guy's way way worse off than I am I'm just walking that guy has a demon on his
 back you're pitch black you think you're all alone there's no one around you and
 like your skin is falling off you can actually feel it melting off of you and
 you're trying to keep it out of your mouth and out of your eyes and stuff like
 that and you're just like screaming and then okay I'll just stop it's like it
 is going for another five minutes I was like and then the maggots you can feel
 the last meal you ate before you died rotting in your dead corpse of a stomach
 and then the maggots are like filling you up you're like that's what that's
 what hell that's what I would imagine hell was like right you can feel your
 body decaying in the grave and then okay I just thought there'd be more
 bizarre if hell is just people walking on all fours listening to bad pop songs
 that's not that's not too bad that's not between bursting in the darkness your
 body just being exposed the elements is millions of maggots hatch it comes
 out of your inner and sore listening to don't worry be happy I think I think
 father Jerry Johnson had I think his hell is probably better
 Tashauna let's go ahead and touch the keys of the carbonic after we're leaving
 behind hell we have a new pets we have this don't bring them on the helicopter
 I don't want to save his eyes are bulging out we're gonna save this guy
 we're taking this guy out of hell Tashauna fly us out of hell we're gonna
 head all the way out to a house in the suburbs so we're walking out of the
 carbonicopter and we see this house looks like every other house in the area
 we don't have a location for this story we don't really have a time period as
 well or names this was posted online by someone going by the name emotional
 crests one two seven two we're gonna go ahead and call her Carla one day Carla
 sitting at home alone with her stepdad we're gonna call him Tony now Tony's the
 stepdad he's a relatively recent addition to this family he's been with
 him for a couple years you have Tony you have Carla you have Carla's mom Carla's
 little brother that was the family unit for years until Tony showed up and they've
 gotten married at this point Carla and Tony Tony and the mom have got married at
 this point and he's officially part of the family and they're making it work
 they're really making it work but one day mom's gone little brother's gone it's
 just Tony and Carla sitting on a couch watching television watching a movie
 middle of the movie Tony goes you want to hear something just crazy like I've
 told your mom about this and I don't really think she believed it that much
 or I don't know I don't know but this story is insane this story is so crazy
 now who's gonna turn down an offer like that right you're sitting at home alone
 with someone and they go hey you want to hear something insane Carla goes sure
 yeah what do you got for me Tony says when I was a boy I was a boy this is
 long before I met your mom long before you and your brother were even born
 really when I was a boy I had a nightmare I woke up into the dream and I
 walked through the house wasn't the house that I lived in as a boy never been
 there before I walked through this house and I find myself in the bathroom of
 that house
 and in this bathroom there's a witch or it's to be more specific a witchy
 looking woman that's how he really described it was a woman who looked
 like a witch but I'm standing in this bathroom and there's this witch standing
 there and she's laughing maniacally and he goes Carla this is the weird thing I
 had that dream and it's terrified me so much I remembered the exact details
 about the bathroom including the pattern of the bathroom tiles on the floor like
 it terrified me I thought about that dream for years and years went by and I
 started dating your mom you remember that old house you guys lived in the house
 you guys lived in when me and your mom started dating Carlos like yeah I
 remember that Tony goes I remember the first time I came over to that house when
 I went into the bathroom of that house that was the bathroom from my dream it
 was the exact same bathroom I saw years before I even met your mom long before
 you two were even born I had this dream that I was in the bathroom at your old
 house Carlos like that is insane that's an insane story like what are the
 chances of that where you like seeing the future coincidence like how many
 different layouts of bathrooms can you have that is quite odd Tony goes that's
 not the insane part Tony said when I was a kid I had this dream that I walked
 into a bathroom bathroom that I didn't recognize until years later when I swung
 by your old house had a dream that I was in this bathroom and inside the bathroom
 was a witchy-looking woman laughing maniacally and the bathtub in that
 bathroom was filled to the brim with blood and I look into that bathtub and
 floating in the bathtub of blood was three severed human heads
 the witchy woman is cackling her laugh is echoing through this small bathroom
 as I'm looking down at these three heads floating in a pool of blood now when I
 had that dream as a young boy I didn't know who those three heads belong to but
 eventually years later I recognized them they were the heads of your mother your
 brother and you
 Tony said I never told you guys that story I didn't even tell your mom that
 story as long as you guys lived at that old house never told you because I
 figured it would terrify you freak out right but since we've moved I've told
 your mom now I've told you wait for the little brother to come home I'll tell him
 to you guys I've told your mother I've told you I don't know what it means
 really it's just a horrifying nightmare I knew exactly the bathroom that I saw
 in my dream when I walked into in real life and then one day dawns on me I
 recognized those heads it was you guys
 Carla said she goes I did end up asking my mom if she had ever heard this story
 and the mom responded yeah he told me about that but didn't seem to offer any
 other sort of read on how she felt about the situation was she concerned did she
 brush it off did she think he was joking and that's the other thing Carla goes she
 goes I don't know if he's messing with me like he could just be making this up
 to push my buttons I mean you know everyone wants to be a severed head in
 a bloody bathtub is he making it up to push my buttons if that's the case why
 would he tell my mom about it did he make it up as a joke did he make it up to
 scare me or is it real and she goes really either way it's terrifying like
 if he's just joking it's a pretty terrifying joke but if he's telling the
 truth it's a fascinating story right there's some key details missing again
 we don't know really the age that he had the dream was he like seven doesn't
 matter if he's seven or 27 the fact is he had a premonition it's interesting
 because it's half of a premonition right he was able to visit a bathroom that he
 wouldn't see until the future he was able to recognize the severed heads in the
 blood that he wouldn't meet until the future but he hasn't chopped off their
 heads so it was a premonition of something that just some of the details
 were real but what's interesting about this story I read this was posted online
 and kind of the kind of the gist I was getting from Carla was this is really
 creepy but at least we don't live there anymore so the danger has passed other
 than the fact that you may have a stepdad who if he's joking is telling a
 terrible joke it's actually kind of funny if he's joking but you know to the kid
 we don't know how old she is either but the idea I guess kind of is that the
 dangers past and even he felt like that like he did not tell him about this while
 they stayed at that old house he waited until they moved on and now I listen
 let's look at the story from his point of view I'm sure he was absolutely
 terrified when he first had the nightmare but then meeting a woman and joining
 her family and becoming part of that family and having that image in the
 back of your head that you saw their bloodied heads float around in a bathtub
 full of blood you're like do you take her I do and then you go to kiss the
 bride it's like you're just imagining a severed head with a bridal veil on like
 did he have flashbacks to this the kids are like let's go to the water park he's
 like no no it's red dye day at the water park they should totally do that when
 they just put red dye everywhere my point is is though is his point of view
 once they moved out of the house he probably figured the threat was gone
 whatever it was right was he the one who chopped their heads off did the witchy
 woman chop their heads off was it symbolic was it literal it doesn't matter
 we don't live there anymore the danger has passed but has it it's not like that
 house was blown to smithereens it's not like the new owner came in and did a
 complete remodel on the bathroom they just moved out that same house from that
 dream may be sitting there bathroom completely untouched just because they
 don't live in the house anymore doesn't mean the premonition won't come true
 just means it didn't come true then was the dream a warning of something that
 could happen to this family once he entered their lives and more terrifying
 is this dream a warning of what he himself may do to this family if you had
 that dream and then years later you met that family in real life would you ever
 let your guard down because on the one hand it could be that this family was
 butchered by a third party but on the other hand there's such a layer of
 malevolence to this story that it almost seems like Tony himself is the
 murderer I don't know why I get that feeling but I feel that that's what this
 story is describing this young boy is not seeing the work of some maniac well
 he is but he's the maniac everything about it just feels so deeply personal
 and the threat has not passed this is a prophetic dream the threat has not
 passed if anything it's become more of a reality because now Tony is a part of
 the family forever I'm not saying Tony is a murderer I'm not saying Tony has
 these dark thoughts when he's sitting with his family I'm not saying that
 someday Tony is gonna slaughter his wife and his two stepchildren not saying
 any of that but if it did happen that's the kind of dark and evil twist ending
 that would cause a witch to cackle with glee
 dead rabbit radio gmail.com is gonna be your email address you can also just
 up at facebook.com/dead rabbit radio tick tock is at dead rabbit radio dead
 rabbit radio is the daily paranormal conspiracy true crime podcast you don't
 have to listen to it every day we're glad you listen to it today
 I see in your life expect some trouble when you were you make it double don't
 worry
 Be happy. Be happy.
 [Bell]
 [Bell]
 [Bell]
 What makes for a great vacation? Depends on who you ask.
 Are you looking to get away? Or bring everyone together?
 Do you want to get outside and play? Or see a play at the plate?
 Fortunately, however you operate, I'm the destination you've been looking for.
 The name's Missouri, but you can call me Mo. And I have just one question.
 What's your MO? Come see me at VisitMo.com.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
