 Infuse your life with color with plants from Proven Winners. With hundreds of
 annuals, perennials and shrubs in striking colors and bold patterns, you'll
 find the perfect assortment to match your unique style. I know I can count on
 them to flourish in my garden since they've been tested for years. Grow
 color, grow success, grow Proven Winners. Find them in their white branded
 containers at your local garden center. Proven Winners, the brand gardeners trust.
 When a man crawls into bed so tired he doesn't take off his clothes, he has no
 idea that his clothes are about to be evidence of a paranormal encounter. And
 then we travel to Georgia to visit a house that is currently under assault by
 a creature from another reality. Today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio. I'm your host
 Jason Carpenter. I'm having a great day. I hope you guys are having a great day too.
 We got a ton of stuff to cover, so let's go ahead and get started. First off,
 walking into Dead Rabbit Command. I don't even know if this person still listens to
 the show. Walking into Dead Rabbit Command right now, give it up for Maxi
 Millian. Woo, come on in Maxi Millian. The tour is just opening. No one's there. Maxi? Maxi?
 I actually just found a list. I'm always doing like live stream shoutouts and
 Patreon shoutouts. I found a list from people who donated, people who donated to
 the show from like 2020. So Maxi Millian donated during the Thanksgiving
 live stream of 2020. Hope you're still alive. Maybe you still listen to the
 podcast? I don't know, but Maxi Millian, you're gonna be our captain, our pilot this
 episode. If you guys can't support the show financially, that's fine too. Just
 help spread the word about the show. That really, really helps out a lot. Maxi
 here on the top. She the keys. No one catches them. I'm tossing the keys to
 Maxi Millian. We are hopping in the Jason Jalopy. We are leaving behind Dead
 Rabbit Command. Maxi drive us all the way out to Canada.
 This is a really cool story because we actually have not just the city. This
 story takes place in Vancouver, Canada. We have a street. We basically have a
 street address. I found this really cool website recently. It's called UFOBC.ca.
 It's a UFO website specifically for Canada. We have a lot of good stuff
 coming up from them. This might be the first time we've talked about them. And I
 want to give a shout out to Bill Oliver. He's the guy who wrote this article
 about what we're gonna be talking about. So Bill, thank you so much for putting
 this together. This story takes place February 1998. Somewhere around there.
 And if you're familiar with the Vancouver area, you're like living on this
 street right now. You're like, "Ugh!" In the South Grandville Marple area on 70th
 and Hudson, there's an apartment complex. And in this apartment complex, there's a
 young man. His name is Rod. He's 26 years old back in 1998. So that would make him
 head of the years together and we'll guess how old he is now. But back then,
 he was 26 and he was sharing an apartment with his brother. Rod gets off work and
 he gets home and his brother's there and his brother's girlfriend is there and
 they're just chilling and Rod's like, "You know, I had such a long day at work.
 Let's do this." So, "Chh!" Drinking. Kicking back their drink and the three of them.
 But Rod actually had such a long day and probably a pretty low alcohol tolerance
 like myself. He only has four drinks and he passed us out in the living room
 around 2 a.m. And according to his brother, his brother had to get Rod into
 Rod's bed, put him down, and he was fully clothed. It was one of those days where
 you're just so tired and you've had a couple drinks, you don't even have the
 wherewithal to take off your clothes. He's in his boots. He's in his work boots
 when Rod is put to bed. The next thing Rod remembers though, he doesn't really
 remember getting into bed. The next thing Rod remembers, he is standing in a room
 being blinded by a light. "Ugh! My eyes! Why did Thomas Edison even want to invent
 these things? And as his eyes are adjusting to the light, he realizes that
 he is only wearing basketball shorts." He's trying to go, "Wait a second. I remember
 I was in the living room and I had a couple beers and the next thing I know,
 I'm here. Blinded light. Where are all my clothes? Where am I? And as he's trying to
 piece all of this together, he hears a voice say, "What are you doing in my
 apartment?" And Rod fully opens his eyes. The light, his eyes have adjusted to the
 inventions of Thomas Edison. He realizes he's not in his apartment. He's in his
 neighbor's apartment. Now I'm thinking that there, when I say neighbors like
 they're physical neighbors, but they don't seem to know each other that well.
 Because the student is super irate. He wasn't like, "Hey Rod, you okay? This guy's
 yelling at him. What are you doing in my apartment?" And Rod starts to apologize
 and he walks out the door and when he leaves the neighbor's apartment, sure
 enough it is his neighbor. Like he goes into this apartment hallway and he's
 looking at his door now. He's like, "What in the world?" And so he goes to get into
 his apartment and he realizes it's locked and he doesn't have his keys. His keys
 were in his pants when he came home from work. So he's locked out of his apartment.
 He's knocking on the door. He hears his brother get up. It's like three in the
 morning at this point. His brother gets up and the door is double locked. So not
 only is it locked but the deadbolt's on and the brother opens the door and he
 sees Rod standing there just wearing his basketball shirt. "What in the world are
 you doing?" He's like, "I have no idea what's going on. Just let me in the
 apartment." The neighbor here, he's super mad at me and Rod walks in and he goes,
 "Dude, I have no idea what happened. What is going on?" And the brother goes, "I have
 no idea either. I put you to bed. Like you passed out in the living room. I carried
 you into the bed but you were wearing all of your clothes." There's so much
 weird stuff going on here. First off, Rod is half naked. Secondly, he ended up in
 the neighbor's house but he's thinking logically. He goes, "Let's say that I
 slept to walk out of the house. How would I have locked the door behind me? Both
 the door and the deadbolt without my keys. Like you can imagine you could lock
 your door and then from the inside and then walk out and shut it really hard
 and then your doorknob's locked but there's no way to lock the deadbolt
 without the key." And that's when he's like, "Well my keys are in my pants and
 then what in the world are my pants?" So him and his brother go into Rod's
 bedroom and there they find his clothes. Now at this point you could just be
 thinking, "This is just a drunk Canadian story. The whole country has a drinking
 problem." According to that documentary Strange Brew, he's just drunk. He walked
 out in the middle of the night. He somehow did the key thing. This is not alien
 related. This is just someone with a serious alcohol problem. Well what happens
 is when they go into the bedroom they see that Rod's clothes are perfectly laid
 out on the bed and not laid out as in, "These are the clothes I'm gonna wear
 tomorrow because they're my work clothes." No. It was laid out as if someone was in
 their clothes, fully clothed like he went to bed and then disappeared and the
 clothes just collapsed in place like someone was still wearing them. You had
 the shirt where the shirt should be at the top, right? Do I have to describe how
 clothes are worn? You had the jeans that were still tucked into his boots and his
 socks were also still inside his boots. Again, not rolled up, not rolled up in a
 ball all nicely. It looked like someone had sucked him out of his clothes and
 they just fell in place. Rod and his brother, when they were being interviewed
 by Bill Oliver, Rod and his brother said, "We're both really light sleepers." So
 even if Rod was sleepwalking, took all of his clothes off and then you
 could recreate this, right? Like you could actually make your clothes do this.
 But Rod goes, "Even if I did do that I was running some sort of scam or scam for
 whatever reason." My brother would have woken up and I've never slept walk before
 and even if I did sleepwalk, this is a weird way to sleepwalk to put all your
 clothes back and to be able to lock a door even though they were able to
 verify his house keys were in the jeans in the bed just laying there. They also
 said that just going to the bathroom wakes the other person up. It's super
 squeaky floor in the house. It's very unlikely that Rod's brother slept through
 this. However, Rod's brother was also drinking so you could figure maybe it is
 just Canada's natural alcohol problem that caused this. But the point, but the
 fact that... So this is what's interesting. So you have physical evidence of the
 clothes laying there, but how do you explain him locking the deadbolt from
 the other side of the door? And apparently after this encounter both
 Rod's brother and Rod's mom were able to verify he had some moles, two new moles
 on the back of his neck. So the kind of the implication, this is on a website
 called UFOBC, so it is for UFO stuff. The implication is that he was abducted by
 aliens and dropped into the neighbor's house. And you go, "Jason, if aliens have
 the ability to fly across time and space or come from other dimensions or
 whatever they're doing, surely they could put him back exactly where they got him.
 What's interesting is this is super common in UFO lore. Like I don't know if
 we've ever explicitly covered it. I thought this story was interesting just
 because we have all of this evidence and these other witnesses. It is very, very
 common for aliens. We have covered this before. Aliens drop people off in the
 wrong location all the time. It happens so often that I don't know if I could
 actually mention the key episodes or certain episodes we've talked about it,
 but in UFO lore it happens a lot. And there have been stories of people
 dropped in with their clothes on backwards. There have been stories where
 people have been dropped in in clothes that they weren't wearing at the time.
 They get abducted wearing one outfit and they come back. Well, they lose time,
 right? They wake up or they end up in another location. They're wearing
 different clothes. That's not uncommon for UFOs. And the question is why are they
 doing this? How could you have the technology to suck someone out of their
 clothes, but then when you go to put them back, you just grab a pair of basketball
 shorts and throw it on them. If memory serves me right, and again I don't
 think I could point to a particular episode, I think there have been people
 dropped off in clothes that weren't their own as well. I may have not have
 covered that on the show. I may have just come across that because a lot of
 times these stories, they just kind of, you read so many of them, they start to
 blur together sometimes. But this isn't uncommon for aliens to drop people off
 in odd locations. I mentioned this story on a recent episode. There was a
 woman who was abducted from Argentina and she was dropped off like 40 miles away
 and people couldn't figure out what that was. And there's an interesting thing
 going on right now, is she had her cell phone on her the whole time. So they're
 actually trying to look at the cell phone data. There's still no been no
 answers for that, but they say that with the cell phone data they should be able
 to see how that journey was made. And I'll put that link in the show notes. We've
 never covered it officially. I guess we should at this point. I've talked about it
 two or three times on the show, but this isn't uncommon for aliens who have
 ducked you and put you in the wrong location and put you in clothes you
 weren't wearing. It's such an interesting quirk of alien behavior. Why are they
 doing it? Is it because they don't care? Is it because their technology isn't as
 effective as we think it is? I'm sure they can walk through walls and they can
 travel across the cosmos, but it could be that it is prone to error. Like are they
 doing it on purpose or is it just accidental? I know the United States, we
 hype up all of our technology all the time. It's just a cold war. It's just
 a habit left over from the cold war. Oh, we have a satellite that can read a
 quarter. If you're reading a newspaper, we can look over your shoulder with a
 satin -- no, they can't. That technology has never existed. That was 100% cold war
 propaganda. I remember during when we all had to wear masks during COVID, there
 were still people going, "Oh no, they can still detect you. You wear that mask and
 the CIA still can use it." No, they can't. The mask-wearing stuff
 must have been a nightmare for Intel operations inside and outside the United
 States. And people have -- I've read articles where they're like, "No, no, no, no,
 the technology is still there. Even if you wear a mask, you can be tracked by
 all of these." No, they can't. No, they can't. They can't do that. 100% they can't do that.
 It's so interesting when the government, using the media, right, they go hand in
 hand, they're telling you something that is 100% not true. Because I remember
 reading articles all as a child being told about how good our spy satellites
 were. And they can read a license plate from space and it was 100% -- it was
 not true. Don't worry. Don't worry. The CIA will still be able to spy on the bad
 guys, even though we're all wearing masks. No, they can't. Fascinating. I mentioned it.
 I know I totally segued into something else, but I mentioned a Sabine the other
 day. I said, "This is 100% true. It is not illegal for the media to lie to you."
 And when I'm saying media, I'm specifically talking about newspapers and
 news channels. It is not illegal for news channels to lie to you. Isn't that crazy?
 Like, think about it. It's not. There is no law they cannot defame or commit libel.
 That's it. You could have a news channel that tells you something that the
 reporters and the editors and the executives and all of them know is a
 flat-out lie. It's totally legal. As long as it is not defamatory or libelous, they
 can lie to you. You can't say, "Oh, that's not true." It's so weird. Isn't that weird
 to think about it? And when I told Sabine that she -- it kind of took her back and
 she was trying to think of an example and I said, "There is no law on the books
 that says that a news channel has to tell you the truth." None. So fascinating.
 So I don't know where -- oh, because I'm sorry, maybe alien technology is also
 prone to error and maybe a lot of it is propaganda as well. It's not as good as
 we think it would be. If you're able to fly from Alpha Centauri to here, you
 would think you would be able to pick someone out of one room and put them back
 into that same room and it just might not exist. They may not -- it may be prone to
 error. They may not be able to do that. It may not be that exact. Fascinating
 story. Again, how did he lock himself out? How did he get out of the clothes? And
 it's one of those stories that you have multiple witnesses, especially the
 angry neighbor. There's a dude just standing in his house and have no idea
 how he gets there. I wonder if that ever happens. Like, some dude gets blasted by a
 homeowner because they're like someone was breaking into my house and it was
 just -- he just rubbed you off at really the wrong house and some dude came in and
 saw some stranger standing there and just blasted him with a shotgun. And then in
 town they're like, "That's weird. I wonder why that guy is a pretty
 upstanding citizen. Why was he breaking into this dude's house? Well, who knows?"
 But he was in the house and this dude killed him. It probably doesn't happen super often.
 I'm sure the cops would investigate that if like some executive from Exxon was
 standing in a house and he gets shot to death. I don't think the cops would
 be like, "Well, we're not gonna investigate that." Obviously the CEO of this major
 gas company wanted some crack money. Case closed. Maximilian, let's go ahead and
 touch the keys of the carbon helicopter. We're leaving behind Canada. We are headed
 all the way out to the state of Georgia.
 I found this post online the other day. It was written by a man who goes by the
 handle of such sloth. We're gonna call him Michael. That's your real name is just
 a guess. And this was posted. It's interesting because I was able to look
 through other things that such sloth has written. This story takes place over a
 period of years. So he posted something in 2021 and now he's posted an update to
 it. And this is interesting because in between the two stories he's asking
 people about how to work on an aquarium or what type of spider is this. He's
 posting on all these other different things and that does lend a lot of
 credence to it. Whenever I find someone and they go, "I've had the most insane
 encounter." Then I looked through their post history and they've had 20 insane
 encounters. It does make me a little more cautious. There was one story I wanted to
 cover about a guy who had the Mandela effect basically happen only in his
 house. He woke up one morning and his house was rearranged. His entire closet
 was flip-flops. Everything on the left side was on the right side. And I was
 like, "Oh dude, this sounds super dope." And as I was typing up, I read it and I was
 like, "Oh, that's awesome." And as I was typing up the notes, I took a look at his
 username. It was called, "I gave your mom AIDS." I was like, "Damn, it's okay. I don't
 know how serious this account was." The very first thing they posted was this
 paranormal story. I was like, "Damn it." So sometimes you've got to like feel it
 out, right? Because we're talking about this stuff that's fantastical. I'll put
 that in the show notes. I'll put that link in the show notes. Maybe it's true, but
 again, if it is, that might not want to be your name that you want to be taken
 seriously. Not saying such sloth is the Socrates of our time, but it's nice to
 see a post-history that shows that this person's living a normal life in
 between these two terrifying events. We're in the town of Georgia and he says,
 he lives in a rural town that's not far from a major city. He says the way it's
 set up is there's two neighborhoods and they're separated by this marsh. He
 goes, "It's this really dense forested area, but it's not like a place where you
 can go camping." He goes, "There's a lot of mud. It's really gross and it's about a
 m-..." He said it's probably less than a mile wide. You have this other
 neighborhood that you could walk to if you wanted to walk through the mud and
 scramble over bushes and bramble and all of that stuff. This man, Michael, he
 gets this house in this neighborhood and his fence line is
 right on the edge of this marsh. It's his fence. He can look out on the other
 side and just see a bunch of trees and you probably hear frogs and stuff at
 night and like, I don't know, woodpeckers. Maybe those live down there? I don't know.
 But anyway, so his house backs up to this natural area. He lives next door to
 this guy named Dave who's lived in the area for a while and currently the
 story starts off in 2021. His girlfriend's living with him. He has a couple dogs, a
 couple chickens, a couple cats just living the Georgia lifestyle, right?
 Well, what happens is every so often he starts to realize first one of his dogs
 won't go into the backyard. Hates going to the backyard once it gets dark,
 but the dog has to pee, right? And he's trying to force his dog to go out and pee
 and it doesn't want to. And he thinks that's really weird that his dog doesn't
 want to go out there, but he's forcing his dog to go. And one time he is out
 there, is with his dog, basically is about to pee its pants, but he needs to go
 outside and as he's out there every so often, he'll see something run by the
 fence line. He'll be on the other side of the fence and it's fast. So fast it's like
 a blur. Runs past the fence line. Freaks his dog out every single time. He
 understands why his dog doesn't want to be out there now, but he doesn't know
 what it is, right? He has no idea what this thing could be. It runs by so quickly.
 Maybe the trick to the light. He can't prove that anything's out there, but it
 does start to give him the creeps as well. But after a certain point, human
 curiosity gets the better of him. He goes to his neighbor Dave and he says, "Hey, have
 you ever seen anything running along the tree line? I have this dog that doesn't
 want to pee and I've seen like this blur. It's big. It's like eight feet tall
 running by the fence." And Dave's like, "No, I haven't really seen anything like that,
 but you know, let's check it out." Again, human curiosity. What could this be?
 And Dave grabs his gun and they go to the fence line and they don't see
 anything. They're out there for a bit. Dogs. His dog's inside, locking the door,
 hiding underneath the bed. Dave and Michael are out there and they're kind
 of looking around. They don't see anything. They're shining flashlights into the
 woods. They don't see anything. And then maybe a hundred yards into the marsh. They
 begin to hear something rustling through the bushes. Shining the flashlights over
 there. Can't really get a good look at it. And then bam! Something hits the fence.
 Something actually slams in to the fence. They can't see it, but they could feel it.
 They could feel that impact as it hit the fence. Michael said the way it seemed
 was that it was a hundred yards out in the marsh and then the next thing he knew
 it was five feet in front of him. He goes, "We didn't hear any noise at all." And
 then it's five feet in front of him and they hear the bushes moving. They hear
 the rustling of the foliage around them and it smashes into the fence. He goes,
 "I have no idea how it moved so quickly, so quietly." It was almost like it
 teleported. Within five feet of us, we're right against the fence, but on our side,
 on the outside of the fence, smashed it into the fence. And Dave is so terrified
 by this thing, he fires a shot off into the darkness. And nothing is screaming
 and pain. I mean, luckily, right it wasn't that there was a really fast bum out
 there. And that was one thing he said. He goes, "This place is not a place that you
 would camp. There were no homeless people running around out there. Definitely
 no eight feet tall homeless people who could teleport." He goes, "It's not a
 place where you would even want to stay during the day, let alone run around at
 night." They're about to run. Dave and Michael, the shots been fired. Dave and
 Michael are totally freaking out. They have no idea how something could creep up
 on them so quickly. They're about to run, but then they're stopped by a voice.
 Right in front of them in this darkness of this marsh, of this forest-filled muddy
 marsh, he said the voice sounded human. His exact quote was human in nature. The
 voice sounded human, but he didn't recognize the language. However, even
 though the voice sounded human, the language sounded alien. It was so off
 putting and so upsetting to hear this voice that Dave and Michael, this was
 what broke them, Dave and Michael took off running. They ran into the house.
 They're in the house. They're trying to calm down. The girlfriend had been out
 earlier that evening also kind of looking around with a flashlight, but they
 didn't see anything and that's why he went and got Dave. So she was already in
 the house with the scared dog. And while they're in the house, he said we were
 there for maybe about 10 minutes and then a massive explosion rocked the house.
 He said the windows rattled, the lights flickered, and something huge blew up in
 the woods. It was so loud that neighbors were coming around. They could see
 people were driving around the neighborhood trying to figure out where
 that explosion came from. And it was so loud they actually called 911. Right? The
 gunshot in Georgia didn't set anyone off, but Michael called 911 and said hey,
 there was just an explosion in the woods behind my house and the police came out
 and they took a report and Michael and Dave and the girlfriend are standing
 there and Michael saying yeah yeah I don't know what he said. I saw a monster in
 the back or I didn't see a monster. It sounded like an alien. It's a giant thing.
 It's been running around my yard, but Michael definitely said there was an
 explosion somewhere in the woods. It actually shook the house and the windows
 rattled and the power flickered and the police took the report and then they go
 to leave. Michael's like well aren't you gonna go out and check out and see what
 that explosion could have been and the cops were like nope.
 And they left. They refused to go into the woods. And this story ends with Dave,
 the outdoorsman, refusing to leave his house after dark because of this event.
 Like after this when the sun set, Dave stayed inside. His neighbor Dave did not
 want to go outside anymore. Now that story was posted back in 2021. If I remember
 correctly he didn't give a time for it. I think he just said this story has
 happened. He titled it The Woods and he posted the story back in 2021 and then
 for the next year was posting things like how do I get my aquarium to work, what
 type of spider is this. He's looking for stuff for like some card game. It's just
 all of these basic posts. Nothing really super interesting but it does give us an
 insight on who this person is. A normal person. Could be a long-term ARG right?
 Those things have happened but this guy then posts, Michael then just posts about
 all of these random things until a couple days ago. Michael recently posted that
 whatever happened back in 2021 is happening again and it has escalated.
 He said in February earlier this year, in February 2022, Michael came out of his
 house one morning in his backyard. He has all these little chickens.
 [Makes chicken sounds]
 He sees this chicken sitting there rubbing his leg.
 Michael came out and was making sad,
 balking noises. Michael came out. One of his chickens had a broken leg.
 Couldn't figure it out right? But you know sometimes chickens are like doing
 chicken stuff breaking their legs. I don't know. I don't know. But he takes the
 chicken to the vet. He loves this little guy. Takes the chicken to the vet and the
 vet's like well you know chickens do chicken things. Chickens break their legs.
 We're gonna have to put her down though. That would be the humane thing to do and
 Michael didn't want to do that. He actually steals the chicken back. He
 goes no I won't let you do it. The veterinarian is bordered by a
 KFC. He's like oh man that's totally gonna sell that chicken. Michael actually
 takes the chicken back and nurses it back to health. He goes to this day that
 little chicken has a bit of a limp but he's doing okay. But Michael's not.
 I'm not even talking about the story if that was the end of it. The chicken was
 nursed back to health. I'm glad the chicken's okay but that's not the end of the story.
 After the chicken attack Michael starts having these vivid nightmares. He keeps
 dreaming that he's being chased through the woods. He keeps dreaming that he'll
 just appear in the middle of the woods and be lost. He's completely on edge.
 These dreams are not letting him rest and even during his waking hours he feels
 like he's constantly on edge. A week after the first chicken had its leg broken
 and while that one is being nursed back to health Michael comes out of his house
 one day and he finds another one of his chickens. Both legs snapped in half.
 Michael's looking at the scene here. There's no blood anywhere. There's no
 sign of an attack. It's just this chicken's legs are broken in half and this is
 when he thinks what if it's back? So he had no based on this statement that he's
 putting he had no other experiences between the explosion back before 2021
 when he wrote that initial post and then this the chicken's legs getting broken.
 And he probably had hoped that whatever it was was gone maybe blew up right? He
 goes out and he drops about $700 on trail cams. He goes and does research and
 gets the best quality SD cards for them and he sets them up. He actually hides
 them all over the backyard and he starts checking them twice a day. Nothing.
 Every day he goes out checks them, comes back later in the day, checks them. They're
 not catching anything odd. He does this from February to March 15th of 2022 and
 that morning when he gets up to go check the trail cams they're gone.
 He's pissed at this point. Like whatever this thing is it's attacking his chickens.
 He's wasting a lot of money on trail cams right? It's interfering with his life and
 it's hurting the little chickens that he loves. He doesn't say that if he put down
 the second chicken or if he had a delicious chicken dinner. I don't know
 how you would nurse a chicken back to health with two broken legs but not the
 point of the story. It's messing with his life. It's interfering with his sleep.
 It's interfering with his pets. It's interfering with his $700 so he's
 pissed. He's done right? And it's daytime. He figures I'm getting my cameras back. I
 don't know what in the world is out there but I'm getting my cameras back so
 he throws on his boots, puts on his hiking through the marsh clothes. He goes
 over the fence and begins to march through the marsh. He's pushing through
 vines. He's climbing over tree stumps. There's bushes. There's brambles. There's
 mud everywhere and he's tromping through it. He's furious. Whatever this thing is,
 it ends now. And then he's standing in a clearing and he realizes a lot of things
 at once. First off, this shouldn't be here. There's no clearing in this marsh.
 There's no nice little patch of dry land encircled by trees. This geographical
 feature should not be here. One, two, how long have I been walking? Remember, this
 is only a mile, less than a mile wide. As he began walking through the swampy
 forest, he should have reached the other neighborhood by now. He has no idea how
 long he's been walking. He has no idea how he got here or where he is.
 He starts to think, did I make a turn somewhere? Did I start walking the
 length of the forest instead of the width? Where am I? How did I get here? How did
 this get here? How did this feature, this dry clearing, get here? And then in the
 middle of the clearing is one of his trail cams. He knows he needs to get home. He
 knows he needs to get home now. And he turns and he heads off through the marsh.
 He climbs over a tree stump. He moves through the bramble. He pushes aside a
 vine. He's standing at his fence. He said, I walked maybe 100 paces from that
 clearing. I turned and I walked 100 steps and I was at my fence. For all that time
 stomping through the marsh and climbing over the stumps, stepping around the
 bushes and walking through the muck, all of that time I walked so long I don't
 even know where I was or how long I was out there. When I turned around it took
 me less than two minutes to reach my fence. He said he was so terrified by
 this anomaly, by this series of events. He called in sick to work, locked himself
 in his bedroom and stayed there for the rest of the day. In fact he ends his
 post pretty much in that same situation. He wrote quote, I called out of work and
 it's been about 18 hours and all I can think about is going back in. And I think
 he's implying, I don't think he's thinking about going back into work. He's like, oh
 Mr. Johnson wants those reports. I think he's I think he's thinking about going
 back into the marsh like something's calling him back in. I called out of
 work and it's been about 18 hours and all I can think about is going back in.
 I'm scared. I can't sleep. I know it's watching me through my bedroom window. A
 terrifying story, if true, right? This obviously could be fake. It sounds almost
 too good to be true, but in the world when we're doing paranormal research,
 right, you're constantly grabbing delicious food and you're eating it,
 um-num-num-num, and every so often you accidentally grab a wax apple and you
 realize it's fake and it sucks. But you know, again, too good to be true may be,
 but still we cover a lot of stuff that's too good to be true. A man whose house
 borders the unknown. He has that fence line that at one point some zoning
 inspector drew a line and says this is the end of the neighborhood and this
 will be the marshland. This will be the environmentally protected area and then
 we'll have another neighborhood here and all of these lines are man-made. We
 never even question, well why is this neighborhood end here? Well that's where
 the zoning was, but the fact the police wouldn't go out there makes you think
 maybe this wasn't some artificially drawn zone. Maybe when this neighborhood was
 built, both neighborhoods, right? Because remember there's two neighborhoods, one
 on each side of this marsh course. Maybe there was a reason why they didn't
 chop down those woods. Maybe there was a reason why they didn't try cramming more
 houses into this area. Environmental concerns, certainly, right? That could be
 it. But there could be something dark and old in this forest that nobody wanted to
 try chopping it down, or it could have been an artificially drawn line. Zoneed
 this way, green area, green belt, zone over here, it's southern neighborhood, and
 something came there. Something came from another world or another dimension,
 another reality, and made its home in the wilderness and began to shift it and
 warp it and twist it until it became what it is today. But imagine living in an
 area where you have a fence and on the other side of it is the unknown. Your
 house borders the world of the supernatural. That would be bad enough.
 But remember this started because whatever is out there was affecting my
 home. The dog didn't want to go outside. It was too terrified to go outside after
 dark. And then the creature was running along the fence line, and then the creature
 was crawling over the fence line, attacking the chickens, stealing the
 cameras. It was coming into our world. Even though that artificial line was
 divided and you could have easily had this as the world of the paranormal,
 we will not cross this fence. We will respect your space. This, whatever it is,
 is crawling into our neighborhoods and doing whatever it pleases. Is this story
 real? We don't know. I'll always be the question with all of our stories. But if
 it is real, there's proof. There is a trail cam sitting in the middle of a
 clearing in the middle of a marsh. And on that trail cam is an SD card that has
 video footage of whatever took it. Michael is being called a faker and a fool
 and an insane person online. But if he wants to prove them all wrong, he just
 needs to go back into the woods, back to the clearing, and grab that camera, bring
 the SD card back, and he would have proof. If he did that, he would no longer be
 called a faker, but only a fool, only an insane man would even think about going
 back to the clearing.
 DeadRabberRadio@gmail.com is going to be our email address. You can also go to
 stuff@facebook.com/deadrabberradio. TikTok is @deadrabberradio.
 DeadRabberRadio is the daily paranormal conspiracy and true crime podcast.
 You don't have to listen to it every day, but I'm glad you listen to it today.
 Have a great one guys.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
