 - Charlotte, main of God here.
 I can't wait to see you
 at the Black Effect Podcast Festival
 coming to you live on Saturday, April 22nd
 at the Pullman Yards in Atlanta,
 hosted by myself and Jess Halaak.
 If you haven't gotten your tickets,
 what are you waiting for?
 The Black Effect is bringing some
 of the hottest podcasts live,
 like the '85 South Show,
 "Horrible Decisions," and "Big Facts" for one day only, okay?
 For inspiring podcasters, we've got you covered.
 You don't wanna miss the Black Effect Podcast Festival?
 Make sure to get your tickets today at blackeffect.com.
 Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.
 - A fourth of July party turns into a terrifying ordeal
 for all involved.
 And then we take a look at the curious case
 of Thomas Mayhan, a businessman who left work
 and was headed home.
 But he never reached home.
 He was spotted in three locations around town,
 and in one of those locations,
 he was already dead today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 (upbeat music)
 - Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode
 of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host, Jason Carpenter.
 I'm having a great day.
 I hope you guys are having a great day too.
 Season six starts now.
 Now you may go, "Hmm, Jason,
 "the audio quality's a bit different.
 "I'm on vacation, man.
 "I'm in sunny, sunny California in sunny, sunny Sacramento.
 "Sac a potatoes, sac a tomato.
 "This city that always sleeps."
 So I'm kicking it down here.
 It's like 97 degrees.
 I'm in an un-air conditioned apartment
 like I normally am because I can't have air conditioners
 or fans running while I record this show.
 So if you hear the occasional drip drop
 that is sweat leaving my body.
 But we got a lot of good stuff for you today.
 We got two really interesting stories.
 The first story just happened.
 It actually happened as I basically,
 while I was recording,
 the end of season five was on July 4th.
 So this episode basically,
 all of this stuff was transpiring
 while I was messing around.
 And actually it was all transpiring
 while all of us were watching fireworks
 or sleeping because we're 80 years old.
 But remember what you were doing fourth of July.
 Think about what you were doing fourth of July.
 And now forget that.
 Forget that happened because we are going on an adventure.
 We are going to Bodega Bay.
 Bodega Bay, little town in California.
 The sunny sunny state.
 I'm just joking.
 Okay, so anyways, sun's always in California.
 Anyway, so I'm surprised there's no conspiracy
 yet about the earthquakes.
 I'm surprised there's no one saying
 that it's the lizard people or,
 I saw someone trying to say that the LA earthquakes
 was a sign that the Yellowstone geyser
 was going to blow up the planet.
 Not a geyser, it's actually like a super volcano
 under there and it is quite dangerous.
 But I'm surprised we don't get more.
 I wonder how flat earthers,
 how they explain earthquakes.
 Anyways, anyways, I should note to self,
 look up what maniacs think about natural events.
 Back to Bodega Bay.
 Let's go ahead and get started with the saga of Batai Coffee.
 Batai Coffee is a 32 year old man.
 Stanford graduate, upper crust, upper crust old chum.
 Actually he's born raised in LA.
 But anyways, Batai Coffee is like,
 he's a software engineer at YouTube right now.
 Well, was.
 He wakes up from a coma earlier this week.
 He wakes up from a coma.
 He can't move the left side of his body.
 He's like, what happened?
 Sexy nurses are all walking around taking his temperature,
 like filling out charts, a little short nurse skirts.
 And they're like, oh, the patient's awake.
 This is my dream hospital.
 Not this guy, this guy doesn't need to be there.
 But bunch of sexy nurses are like,
 oh, let's go get a doctor.
 Doctor comes in, sexy female doctor.
 Even shorter skirt, I didn't even know it was possible.
 She comes in, she goes, Mr. Coffee, you're awake.
 And he's like, what happened?
 What happened to me?
 She goes, well, first off, everything we're about to talk
 about is alleged.
 And secondly, everything we're about to talk about is true.
 And it's alleged in the sense that everything that happened,
 like the first part, is true.
 But it's alleged whether or not coffee did it.
 And coffee's like, what does any of that
 have to do with my medical condition?
 I want to know why I can't move the left side of my body.
 And sexy doctor turns back away from the camera and goes,
 well, Mr. Coffee, I think the police should explain to you
 what happened.
 Maybe you can answer a few questions.
 She gives a sexy wink at us as she walks out
 of the hospital room.
 So here's what happened.
 That was our little intro for the day.
 Here's what happened.
 Coffee, 32-year-old Petite Coffee, software engineer
 for YouTube, Stanford educated, good old chum, cream
 of the crop of American society, is hanging out with five
 of his buddies in Bodega Bay.
 They rented a place so they could spend
 Fourth of July all the weekend partying at this house.
 Now, I don't know.
 I party.
 I'll kick it with a couple friends, drink a couple beers.
 If that.
 Usually I just hang out and talk about magic the gathering.
 But these guys said, nah, nah, we're not none of those plebs.
 We're not any of those working class that drinks Budweiser.
 Let's drop acid.
 Taking it up a level, I guess.
 But anyways, they decide to drop acid.
 Now, I know a lot of my listeners do acid.
 Not a sizable amount.
 But I know a lot of people have experimented with it.
 I don't mess with hallucinogens.
 I already see ghosts flying around me.
 Not all the time.
 I'm not a lunatic.
 But the line is so thin where if I saw a goblin just appear,
 I'd be like, oh my god, that goblin's real.
 So I don't want to take a drug that's
 going to increase the likelihood of goblins appearing in front of me.
 So they decide to drop acid.
 Now, I'm assuming it wasn't their first time.
 Maybe it was.
 But I'm assuming it wasn't.
 Now, they all decide to take half a tab of acid.
 Except for coffee, because coffee is an overachiever.
 Stanford graduate, software engineer at YouTube.
 He takes two hits of acid.
 He's like, oh, good old chums, you don't understand.
 Acid is what you Americans-- he's American too.
 I don't know.
 I just imagine him very posh, because Stanford graduate, right?
 I graduated from community college.
 So anyone who graduated from college is posh.
 Anyways, he goes, I'm going to take two hits of acid.
 I'm going to do better than all you guys, just
 like I did better than you guys on the SATs.
 And they're like, dude, we all have the same job.
 You don't have to be injured.
 So they're partying.
 Now, at 3 PM-- so they started pre-gaming really, really early.
 At 3 PM, coffee starts freaking out.
 He's like, oh, man, I don't know what happened, old chum.
 Oh, I don't know.
 It could be the four times amount of acid I took over you guys.
 And they're like, yeah, probably.
 About an hour later, he goes, oh, old bean.
 I don't know what's going on.
 He looks at his friend.
 He's actually an old bean.
 He's like, oh, I don't know what's going on.
 I need to study myself.
 I need to study myself.
 And he takes two more hits of acid.
 He's already having a bad trip.
 Takes two more hits of acid.
 His friends are like, don't do that, dude.
 Like, that was the wrong move.
 And he's like, oh, don't tell me what to do talking watermelon.
 I'll take all the acid I want.
 Now, that happened at around 4, between 4 and 5 PM.
 He takes the two additional hits of acid.
 At 8 PM, fireworks are going off.
 Kids are poking each other with sparklers.
 Dogs are terrified.
 It's a great quarter of July.
 He wants to leave the house.
 He wants to leave.
 And they're like, dude, you are in no condition to leave the house.
 Friends won't let him.
 And then, like, that, our fake British pal, our Stanford graduate,
 turns into Jason Bourne.
 Now, this is where, first off, you're thinking, oh, Jason,
 a guy who's getting taken a bunch of acid.
 He's going to end up running around street naked.
 This guy turns into an action hero, or more likely an action
 villain because of what happens.
 This is why Kofi ended up in the hospital,
 paralyzed on the left side of his body,
 surrounded by sexy medical staff.
 First off, so he's surrounded by his friends,
 and they're like, come on, Kofi, settle down.
 You can't go anywhere.
 He punches the woman in the chest, picks up a pencil,
 stabs another one of his friends,
 and another dude climbs on top of him.
 He starts choking him while punching
 another man in the face.
 So within a second, he's taken out four people.
 He takes off outside the house.
 Action music playing in his head because he's
 tripping hard on acid.
 Allegedly, allegedly.
 This is where all the crimes begin.
 He jumps out.
 He gets in his rental car.
 Starts to drive away.
 One of his friends jumps in front of the car
 to be like, no, no, no, don't do it, don't do it.
 And he ends up trying to hit his friend in the car,
 allegedly.
 And that's the last time I'm going to say allegedly.
 It's all allegedly.
 Tries to hit his friend with the car, misses,
 crashes into the house.
 Can't get the car out.
 Jumps out of the car.
 [HUMMING]
 He looks.
 And at this point, a local security guard
 for the subdivision they're staying in is approaching.
 He jumps out of his van, pulls out his little flashlight,
 frees, evildoer.
 Coffee looks at him and goes, evildoer.
 More like-- can't think of anything.
 You think of a catchphrase.
 He starts running towards the security guard.
 Security guard starts running towards them.
 Split screen, two different faces looking at each other.
 This is 100% real.
 Not the split screen.
 That didn't happen.
 But all of these events did.
 Security guard has pepper spray, billy club.
 It doesn't have a gun.
 But coffee doesn't have any weapon at all.
 But he's running.
 And this is insane.
 He sees those little lights that are stuck into the ground,
 like the little solar panel lights
 that people put around their yards.
 It kind of makes it look nice, I guess.
 But it's these little lanterns that are all over the lawn
 or along the line of the lawn.
 Does that make sense?
 But underneath the way they stick into the ground,
 they have a long metal spike.
 They stick them into the ground.
 You don't have to worry about them falling over
 during rainstorm.
 Now, as beautiful as it may look as a lawn ornament,
 coffee goes, uh-huh.
 It's time to make my point.
 Didn't really say that, but we'll just assume that he did.
 Because he picks one of those things up
 and stabs the security guard right in the chest so hard,
 the security guard then falls to the ground,
 like a straight up--
 [GROANING]
 And the guy's like, whoa, falling back in slow motion.
 Hits the ground.
 Coffee looks over and goes, you light up my life.
 And then it lights up.
 No, it's OK.
 So anyway, coffee goes running off.
 And he's happy that he came over that catchphrase.
 He gets into the security guard's car.
 He left it running.
 He's in the ignition.
 Peels off, starts driving through the subdivision.
 It's 8 PM.
 It's 4th of July.
 People are outside of their houses.
 Just hanging out, eating hamburgers,
 throwing sparklers in each other's eyes,
 causing harmless mayhem.
 Coffee had other plans.
 He sees a young couple walking out the street.
 [GROANING]
 Hits him with the vehicle.
 And then, at that point, you're kind of like, Jason,
 this stopped being a funny action story.
 Now he's just running over bystanders.
 And you would think at that point, he'd be like,
 wait a second, I'm not Jason Bourne anymore.
 I'm actually some sort of horrible terrorist.
 He then sees another young couple walking across the street.
 [GROANING]
 Hits them too.
 So at this point, it's pandemonium in this neighborhood.
 The police show up.
 Sheriff and CHP--
 [GROANING]
 They're like, we need to get these sirens fixed.
 That sounded terrible.
 Cop cars pull up.
 [GROANING]
 Coffee is driving down the street in his van towards the cops.
 Cop jumps out of his car.
 Stop, stop.
 The car is coming closer and closer and closer.
 Cop's like, stop.
 Stop the car.
 Coffee goes.
 Things are about to get complicated.
 [GROANING]
 He's gunning it right towards the cop.
 The cop waits until coffee's van actually
 strikes his vehicle before opening fire,
 hitting him three times, one time in the head,
 putting him in a coma, and paralyzing him from the left
 side, not left side down.
 It's the left side over, paralyzed.
 Everyone survived.
 So I don't want you to feel bad about--
 the one of the women who got hit by the car was airlifted out.
 But everyone was survived.
 Probably got a couple broken bones, probably pretty scratched up.
 Dude who got stabbed with the light, survived and everything.
 I'll tell you one thing that didn't survive.
 Coffee's freedom.
 He's facing five counts of assault with a deadly weapon,
 two counts of attempted murder, two counts of assault
 on an officer, and one count of carjacking
 because he took the dude's car.
 You'd think it would kind of just be theft.
 But anyways, 32-year-old Stanford graduate,
 software engineer at YouTube, $2.35 million bail
 for taking four hits of acid.
 But I find that stories like that fascinating.
 We've talked about it before about people just snapping.
 To me, that's the scariest of crimes.
 Like organized crime, stuff like that.
 Like they always have an end result.
 Serial killers, they can't get it up.
 Women intimidate them.
 They're a bunch of just weak, spineless individuals.
 So that's why they kill.
 Their mama was mean to them.
 That's why they kill.
 They can't get it up.
 Their dick doesn't work.
 Organized crime, they're saying, we need money.
 Like this is one of the things we do to keep order
 is commit these crimes to do these murders.
 But when people just snap,
 I think that's the scariest thing
 because it really is unpredictable.
 This dude was probably never on anyone's trouble charts
 for years and years and years and years.
 And then this happens.
 Now, yes, the four hits of acid did help that,
 but still though, and his life will radically change.
 He'll probably do eight to 10 years,
 plead down 'cause he doesn't have trouble life,
 stuff like that.
 He might do eight to 10 years.
 He's gonna be sued and to oblivion by these people.
 But because of one afternoon, his life has changed forever.
 I find that fascinating.
 And, and he almost murdered multiple people.
 He tried to, allegedly.
 I find that stuff fascinating.
 But anyways, let's go ahead and move on to our next story,
 which actually is a story that I came across,
 both of these stories I came across
 right after the end of season five.
 There's a couple that popped up and I was like,
 oh man, but I had to take that break off.
 It really is refreshing for me to take that break off.
 So I'm glad you guys are coming back to the show.
 And yeah, it'll probably be about two weeks.
 I'll be in Sacramento,
 but we'll be on a regular schedule and all of that.
 So let's go ahead and move on to the story of,
 where'd you go, bro?
 I saw a movie last night.
 I've been watching a ton of movies on my vacation,
 like I've been doing nothing.
 It was Jersey Shore Shark Attack.
 I will tell you this,
 and I know a lot of you people will not agree with me.
 It's not a very popular opinion.
 May lose a couple of listeners over it.
 It's Jersey Shore Shark Attack,
 but actually it was pretty good,
 but that's not the unpopular opinion.
 It was a parody of Jersey Shore,
 but a bunch of sharks showed up.
 I think Snooki is hot.
 I know a lot of people think she's trashy.
 I've always had a thing for Snooki.
 And she's one of those women who gets hotter
 the older she gets.
 Like normally, well, I'm not gonna finish that sentence,
 but Snooki actually is really hot.
 Like now that she's a mom,
 she has like three kids and stuff like that,
 but I actually find her more attractive
 than when she was like a drunk chick on the boardwalk.
 So good on you Snooki.
 God, I love Snooki.
 So anyways, and they had an actress portraying Snooki,
 and somehow she was actually even hotter.
 Very distracting movie.
 But anyway, so it was good though.
 Check it out, Jersey Shore Shark Attack.
 It was funny too, which is really hard to pull off.
 Horror comedies are incredibly hard.
 Let's go ahead though and get to our second story
 for the evening.
 The year is 1963.
 It's February 1st.
 And Thomas Mehan, 41 year old state worker,
 is driving home from Eureka, California
 to Concord, California.
 Now that's quite a distance.
 It's quite a distance.
 He was on a business trip.
 He had to drive home.
 And he was a prominent member of the community in Concord.
 He was like on the hospital board.
 People knew him.
 He was very, very well liked at work
 and around town.
 A stable individual if there was one.
 Four hours out from home, he calls his wife and says,
 "You know, I'm not, I don't feel good.
 "Something's wrong with me.
 "I don't feel good."
 And his wife's like, "Oh honey, just get a hotel somewhere.
 "You'll be fine.
 "You'll be fine."
 He's like, "That's why.
 "My wife's sound like a creepy goblin all of a sudden."
 But he ignores that.
 So he goes to the town of Garberville
 and checks into a hotel around five o'clock,
 around five p.m.
 Nothing suspicious about that.
 Just another businessman traveling
 through a sleepy little town in California.
 At 6.45, Thomas Mehan walks into
 the Garberville General Hospital.
 Nurse is like, (smacking gum)
 smack and gum.
 Yeah, what do you want, Busta?
 We got a lot of injured people tonight.
 What are you here for?
 And Thomas goes, (sighs)
 I feel, I feel dead.
 I feel dead all over was his exact words.
 Nurse goes, "Take a number.
 "Go sit in that other room."
 Now you may think I'm making a joke.
 She didn't have a, she wasn't from the Jersey Shore,
 but, oh, that'd be hot if she was snooky as a nurse.
 Sexy nurse outfit.
 They were busy.
 And they did say, "Go sit in another room.
 "We'll see you in a bit."
 And Thomas, just like he had that conversation
 with the sexy, sexy snooky nurse,
 and then hung around for a bit, but then left.
 At 7 p.m., so 15 minutes later,
 two witnesses are driving down the road.
 They're driving down Highway 101
 and they see a car (car honking)
 (slamming)
 go off the road into the brush
 and where the Eel River is.
 Eel River is this river
 that cuts through that part of California.
 They call the cops.
 Now again, there's a bit of delay there.
 No one had cell phones back then.
 They go to a pay phone, they call the cops,
 say, "We saw a car go off the side of the road."
 And cops, of course, are like, "Where's that?
 "What time did you see the car?"
 They say, "7 p.m. is when we saw this happen."
 8 p.m., Thomas Mehan walks back into his motel.
 And the night manager's sitting there
 filling out some paperwork,
 and Thomas Mehan walks in.
 And what the manager notices is that his ankles,
 like the pants, his ankle pants,
 the, what am I trying to say?
 His pants, his pants from the ankles area.
 I don't know why I'm having such a hard time
 telling you this.
 His pants were wet, is what I'm trying to say.
 And his shoes were wet.
 And he could hear them going,
 and they're like, "You chewing gum, Misty?"
 He's like, "Yeah, I got it from Snooki."
 But that sound you heard
 was actually my wet, wet shoes
 walking through your lobby.
 And Thomas Mehan walks up to the manager and goes,
 this is an exact quote.
 He goes, "Do I seem dead to you?
 I feel like I'm dead."
 Managers like, "No, no, you don't.
 I mean, you look, you know, kind of weird."
 And Thomas Mehan just kind of walks away.
 It's not like a mysterious,
 he just turns like a zombie walks away.
 He also says, "Hey, can you call my wife and conquer?"
 "Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'll take care of you."
 Conversation doesn't really go anywhere
 and Thomas Mehan goes to his motel room.
 Anyways, at 9.30,
 another motel employee goes into his room and says,
 "Hey, we tried calling your wife and conquered,
 but there's something wrong with the phone connection.
 We can't get ahold of her."
 Thomas is like, "Okay, okay."
 And then that employee says,
 "We just hadn't talked about the weather for a bit.
 Like it was a normal conversation.
 There was nothing weird about him, except for one detail.
 He was wearing different clothes now.
 He seemed to be wearing like a formal attire,
 like a black tie suit, black slacks,
 black jacket, white shirt.
 And he goes, "And what was weird is,
 I didn't really see him come in with any luggage,
 but he was wearing different clothes
 than we had seen him earlier."
 And you figure, yeah, his pants were wet,
 so he's going to change his clothes.
 At 10.45 p.m., the cops are at the river,
 the eel river.
 And they're looking around
 and they see this car in the river.
 The convertible roof had been ripped open.
 The front end had been damaged.
 So it definitely had gone off the road
 and impacted into the river.
 It wasn't like under 10 feet of water.
 It was just like poking out of the river and hit something.
 But there was a pair of glasses,
 just reading glasses,
 just neatly folded up and sitting on the passenger seat.
 All this violent action around the car
 and you have those glasses.
 Cops are like looking around
 and they're like, "Well, we don't see a body.
 This is weird."
 And the other guy's like, "Hey, Tommy,
 look over here."
 Shining the flashlight all dramatically on the ground.
 They see a set of footprints.
 (imitates footsteps)
 Not magically appear in front of them,
 but they see a set of footprints in the mud
 heading up the bank.
 And they're like, "Oh, whoever was in this car accident
 that happened almost four hours ago,
 it took us that long to get out here."
 That's weird.
 Actually, that's a weird detail.
 It took them that long,
 but we'll get to that.
 That's weird.
 I didn't put that connection.
 Anyways, the cops are out there.
 Oh, you know what?
 Actually, now that I think about it,
 the cops probably showed up shortly,
 but it took them a while to find where the car was.
 I don't know.
 That's kind of weird detail.
 But anyways, so the cops start following the footprints
 up the bank and they're looking at these muddy footprints
 leaving from the car up the bank.
 And then they just stop.
 Cops are looking at each other,
 shining their flashlight around, looking through the brush.
 And they see where the ground was still soft.
 They see where there still should have been more footprints,
 but nothing.
 It was like someone was walking up out of the bank.
 It just vanished.
 That all happened on February 1st,
 on February 20th, 41 year old Thomas Mehan
 was found in the eel river, drowned.
 But it just floating around,
 bobbing around on the river.
 Now this story is very twilight zone-ish.
 It's very carnival of souls.
 But what's interesting about it was this was reported on
 by the Los Angeles Times
 and I think it was the San Diego Times,
 it might have been the San Diego Tribune
 and a couple other newspapers, major newspapers at the time
 'cause it's such a bizarre story.
 And it's one of those stories that everyone kind of goes,
 "What? It really makes you scratch your head."
 Now one thing is clear is that he was some people,
 he interacted with people in these different locations.
 It was Thomas Mehan's car in the river.
 They knew that from the make and model of the car,
 registration, things like that.
 That was 100% his car.
 But the people who saw the car go over,
 they couldn't identify the driver.
 But you had the person at the motel take his payment,
 have several conversations with Thomas Mehan,
 and then you had the nurse at the hospital,
 Snooki, who identified him as well,
 had to take his information to treat him.
 At both of those locations, he said,
 "I feel like I'm dead. I feel like I'm dead."
 And the first time that he was spotted,
 acting like a big old weirdo,
 at 645 he walks into the Garber Village General Hospital.
 At 645 he checks in with the nurse and says,
 "I feel dead. I feel dead all over. Can you treat me?"
 15 minutes later, his car is spotted going off the road.
 It's possible, yes, Jason,
 that he left that he was not feeling good.
 He already called his wife and said
 he was not feeling good.
 He went to the hospital,
 said, "I'm not feeling good."
 They said, "You're gonna have to wait a bit."
 He waited a short while, got in his car, drove away,
 and whatever he wasn't feeling good about,
 crashed into the river.
 But from the hospital to any point at Eel River,
 from Garberville to any point at Eel River,
 it's a 55 minute drive.
 So he would have had to driven incredibly fast
 to leave the hospital and crash into that river
 50 minutes later.
 It's nearly an hour away.
 Is that impossible?
 Could you go 150 miles an hour?
 Sure, but it's an odd detail.
 You think he would have been seen speeding
 150 miles an hour before he got in there?
 Odd detail.
 The car crashes.
 This was what I thought happened
 'cause I'm fairly skeptical about a lot of this stuff.
 This was my read on this.
 The car crashes.
 He gets out of the car.
 He starts walking up the bank
 and then he just stops leaving footprints,
 not 'cause of any magical thing,
 but his feet aren't sinking in as much as they were
 and what the cops had just misidentified the scene.
 He then goes to the hotel.
 I don't think he was feeling good at all.
 He's driving along.
 He starts feeling sick.
 He calls his wife.
 He goes to the hospital.
 He's not feeling good.
 He goes, this isn't worth it.
 He goes to the river.
 Somehow he gets there going 150 miles an hour,
 crashes into the river and then walks out.
 And when he goes to the hotel, he says,
 "I still don't feel good,
 "but I think he's still in shock
 "that the fact that he got in this car accident."
 Goes to the hotel.
 His pants are dripping wet.
 He goes.
 He changes his clothes.
 And at some point he suffered some sort of brain damage
 or was not feeling good already
 plus the horrible car accident.
 At some point he goes, "Oh, crap.
 "My car is in the river
 "because he's not thinking right."
 He got some brain damage.
 He will then walk back to the car and he drowns.
 Like he's messing around with his car.
 He's trying to pull it out or whatever and he drowns.
 The thing about being skeptical is usually,
 like everything I said,
 as stupid as a decision it could be,
 are things people would do.
 I.e. taking two extra hits of acid
 when you're already having a bad trip.
 People do stupid things,
 especially if you've had a concussion or something.
 He could have walked back to the hotel and then realized,
 "You know what?
 "I'll go back and pull my car out of the water myself."
 The problem with that version of events
 is that he would then have to walk back.
 You would figure that,
 actually now to think about it,
 if he, whoa, okay, I didn't think about this.
 If Garberville's 55 minutes away
 and he drove there in 15 minutes
 and got in this car accident at 7 p.m.
 At 8 p.m. he comes back to the motel.
 You couldn't, a 55 minute drive,
 you couldn't walk in 55 minutes, that's impossible.
 And there's no, I didn't see any record of a taxi cab
 picking this guy up.
 So as a skeptic I thought
 that it was probably something likely happened.
 But at the same time we also have to say,
 there are a lot of weird things going on here.
 Let's throw off our skeptic caps
 and put on our conspiracy caps.
 Guy gets in a car accident.
 This is my conspiracy, not conspiracy theory,
 this is my paranormal take on it.
 He knew he was going to die.
 His body knew that this was his last night on earth.
 He wasn't feeling good, but it was time to go.
 So he's facing two different things.
 His body is basically saying goodbye to the mortal world.
 'Cause I've always wondered if the day you die,
 if you know you're going to die.
 We look at people and go,
 whoa, he was just walking on the street,
 he got hit by a car.
 But we don't know if that person was like,
 you know what, just have a feeling I'm gonna die today.
 And for someone who suffers anxiety attacks like I do,
 that's not a fun thought.
 'Cause I always think I'm going to die every single day.
 But I wonder that.
 So maybe that's the reason why he wasn't feeling good
 was that he was like, I'm gonna die today.
 And he goes to the hospital
 'cause he thinks I'm gonna die today.
 And they're like, no, you're lunatic.
 He goes, drives, he gets in the car accident.
 And at that point, he basically splits
 into his own little multiverse.
 He basically quantum reality or quote,
 is basically quantum immortality
 is where you die, you've moved to another universe.
 He just kept moving into the same one.
 I know this is getting really weird.
 He dies in the car accident
 and his body floats out into the river.
 Okay.
 But his, him, not his spirit,
 'cause he's walking around signing paychecks
 and opening doors and stuff like that.
 Him also splits off into the Thomas Mehan
 who starts walking up the bank of the river.
 But because that's a physical impossibility,
 everything's like,
 things are happening that are impossible to happen,
 i.e. walking a 55 minute drive in and out.
 He appears at the hotel.
 He goes there, do I feel dead?
 He was already dead at that point.
 And you can make the argument,
 he may have even died of a heart attack
 way before he even got to Garberville.
 Like he could have been splintering out every single way.
 The fact of the matter is he is dead
 and people seeing him around town,
 around the time he should have really been
 floating down the river face first.
 I know that's kind of a brutal image, but,
 it really makes you quite,
 it really makes you question a lot of things.
 That's why I really like this story.
 Because it makes you wonder if you've ever interacted
 with somebody who's already dead.
 This was a big story
 because he was such a prominent member of his town.
 The sheriff from Concord drove hours and hours and hours
 and up with like a team of 20 people to investigate this.
 They wanted to know what happened to their buddy.
 That's why it was such big news.
 But you wonder,
 you ever go to like a fast food restaurant?
 You're sitting at a bar.
 There's a kid sitting next to you on the bus.
 And you look over at them and they look normal,
 but there's something a little off about them.
 No, they're not gonna turn to you and say,
 "Do I look dead?"
 They don't know you.
 They just know they're not having a good day.
 They know that there's something not right
 in the way they feel today.
 You just kind of sit there and you watch them.
 They just seem to be staring off into the distance.
 Then eventually something catches their eye
 or they get reminded of something
 and they stand up and walk away.
 You never see them again.
 They're just a passerby.
 We run into hundreds of people a day in the modern world.
 And it's statistically improbable that this would happen.
 But what if that person was already dead at home,
 sitting in their favorite chair and they passed away?
 But somehow they're not a ghost.
 They can still interact with the environment.
 They can still talk to people.
 They don't have chains,
 but they're still able to move about the world
 for a short amount of time.
 And them not really knowing that they're dead,
 still interacting with us.
 Do you think that's possible?
 And if that is possible,
 who's to say I'm not already dead?
 And you're listening to a podcast
 recorded by a corpse.
 DeadRabberRadio@gmail.com is gonna be your email address.
 You can also hit us up at facebook.com/deadrabberradio.
 Twitter is @deadrabberradio.
 DeadRabberRadio is the daily paranormal
 conspiracy and true crime podcast.
 You don't have to listen to it every day,
 but I'm glad you listened to it today.
 Have a great one, guys.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
