 What happens when your alibi is the worst alibi ever?
 And then we take a look at a topic that's particularly scary to me and one of the
 reasons why I'll never use them. We're gonna look at murders caused by Ouija
 boards today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 [Music]
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio. I'm your
 host, Jason Carpenter. I'm having a great day. I hope you guys are having a great day too.
 You know, I had this girl come over yesterday and she fengshui'd my apartment.
 She came over and she's like, "Move this here and move that there and do this and
 do that." And you're thinking, "Why'd you let her boss you around for four hours
 right after you got off work?" Well, she brought a vacuum cleaner and a bunch of
 cleaning supplies. She could have turned the place into an ISIS training camp for
 all I cared. She brought a vacuum cleaner. The place looks... the place is spotless.
 Well, little little asterisks next to that. The living room, kitchen, that whole area
 is spotless. I got to move some boxes around my bedroom, but yeah. I was just
 like, "Do whatever. I don't care." And she's like, "Can I move this?" I was like, "I don't care."
 She's like, "What if this one here I go, I don't care. I go, I really don't care. I'm
 not like totally picky about where stuff goes." But she wanted to just fengshui'd
 it up. It looks great. She even made a little corner. She's like, "Here, let's put
 this pillow down on the ground." So when girls come over, there's supposed to be a
 girl spot and I'm like, "That looks creepy." I said, "If a sheriff walked into my
 apartment and saw what you set up right over there, he would have put me in handcuffs."
 So that's the one thing I said I don't want. And I also said, "Don't touch my
 mic. Don't go anywhere near my mic. I don't want you even in that corner of the
 room." And every so often she'd be kind of walking around and she'd get over there
 and I'd be like, "Huh?" She's like, "Oh, oh, sorry." But thanks for coming over and
 totally cleaning my apartment. You know how many times I've tried kidding women to
 do that. They'll come over and let me do all sorts of horrible things to them, but
 ask them to take the garbage out when they leave and they're like shocked that
 I would dare do a thing. And then this girl, just a friend of mine, comes over
 and busts ass on a Sunday. Just cleaned it all up. So thank you. Not gonna use your
 real name, but thank you, young maiden, for fengshui in my place. And we'll see
 if it works. It's definitely worth... At one point I flipped a carpet over
 because we couldn't vacuum it. It was too shaggy because my apartment is kind of
 like a combination of floor rugs. And I flipped it over and about $3 and change
 fell out of it. I go with that. It was almost like opening up a portal to another
 dimension. I didn't even know change could stick to a carpet, but apparently it
 can. Anyways, thank you for fengshui in my apartment. Anyway, okay, so, but let's go
 ahead and move on to our first story. Now, our first story, let's take a little trip.
 Let's take a trip to a police investigation room. Interrogation room,
 that's the word I'm looking for, interrogation room. We are in Washington
 Canyon, Virginia. And there's two police detectives sitting around. Do cops still
 smoke cigarettes? I guess they probably can't smoke in doors either. But there are
 two cops with nicotine patches sitting in this interrogation room. And there's
 this 23-year-old kid sitting across the table from them. His name is James Michael
 Wright. It was very, very recent. This just came out in the news. So James is sitting
 there at the table. Two cops are sitting there chewing nicotine gum. Got some
 losanges in there as well. And so the cops are like, "James, you just have to tell us
 why you did it." James is just sitting there and he goes, "I told you guys. I told
 you guys a hundred times. It was an accident. It was an accident. Why won't
 you believe me?" And the two cops look at each other and they go, "You accidentally
 murdered a person." James is like, "Yes! Thank you! I'm so glad you finally got it."
 And then the cops go, "You accidentally murdered three people on three separate
 occasions." And he goes, "Finally, thank you. In this nightmare end, do you believe me
 now?" James Michael Wright is a carny, or was a carny. He may... This is all a legend,
 but anyways, he was a carny. He worked for this traveling carnival, which of
 course is like the most stereotypical occupation for a serial killer, other than
 just putting on your resume serial killer. So he's a carny and people started
 noticing that he was hanging out with these young women and they weren't coming
 back. They were disappearing. One of them was related to one of his coworkers at
 the carnival and then other ones were like girls that he met at the carnival.
 But what happened was he got on a car accident. The cops had actually been
 looking for him, but when he got on a car accident, the cops are like, "Oh, now we
 know where he's at. He's in the hospital." So they went to the hospital to
 interviewed him and they started asking him about these girls that he was with.
 So the first victim, no, not victim, the first person who had an accident was that
 it was February 28th, 2019, so very, very recent, February 28th. James says, "Okay,
 listen, I was dating this girl and we did get a bit in a fight and during the
 fight, I accidentally shot her and then a barrister body by my house." And the cops
 are like, "That is completely ridiculous." He's like, "Whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on, hold on."
 So yes, it does sound a little convenient that I did happen to be engaged in a
 fight with somebody and then I accidentally shot them, but it can happen.
 Accidents happen. That's what we all know, right? And the cops are like, "Oh my god."
 In March 9th, so what is that? Well, that's easy to do. Nine days later. March 9th,
 he's having sex with this other girl in the middle of the woods and everything's
 fine. There's no fight, no problem at all. So, and after they're done having sex,
 after they're done with the love-making session, James and the woman get up and
 start walking through the forest and he sees an animal run by and he pulled a
 swears to God, "This is what happened." He sees an animal run by. He pulls his gun
 out to shoot the animal. The animal is moving so fast and as he continues to
 aim his gun right when he thinks he can shoot the animal, the gun is aiming at
 the back of the girl's head and he kills her. Total accident. He did not mean to
 kill her, but he's like, "Great. Nine, this happened nine days ago. I just
 accidentally killed someone and again I killed this person. This is terrible." He
 then hides her body underneath a log by his house. March 17th. How many days is
 that? It doesn't matter. What, two weeks since the last one? Now imagine if this
 guy's telling the truth. He's not, but imagine if this guy's telling the truth.
 How bad does your luck have to be to accidentally kill someone on the 28th?
 Because I could see you're getting in a fight and then maybe fighting over the
 gun or something stupid like that or you're in a fight and it's a crime of
 passion. I guess it's not really an accident, but to accidentally kill someone
 on the 20th of February, nine days later, you accidentally kill someone else. At
 this point, I would just become a hermit, not hang out with anyone. On March 17th,
 James is just on a walk, just on a nice nature stroll with this young woman. All
 these victims are like, I think the youngest one was 16 and the oldest one
 was in her like early 20s. They're all quite young. He's walking with this woman,
 enjoying the nature. They didn't have sex, they haven't been in a fight. He's
 thinking, he's in the clear. He's thinking there's not gonna be any
 accidents today. I'm not gonna instigate any way that I could possibly
 accidentally kill someone with this damn, damn gun and he pulls the gun out and
 he's looking at it and he trips on a log and she turns back to the head. And
 that's not it. Because then he's like, okay great, now I gotta get rid of this
 body. So he throws the body in the back of his pickup truck and while he's driving
 the pickup truck, the body accidentally, accidentally guys, police officers totally
 believe this, accidentally the body flew out of the back of his pickup truck into
 the river and I don't think they found her body yet. But so obviously the cops
 don't believe any of this, but the cops also have some other issues here. Their
 biggest one is he casually really killed three people in less than a month. Three
 women just shot him quote unquote accidentally. So now they're really
 thinking he was a carny, so that's incredibly suspicious, but he
 worked for a type of company that moved from region to region. So now police are
 having to go through every place that that carnival's been at with him and
 having to match up victim profiles and stuff like that. So definitely is
 considered a serial killer because he killed three women, but he may have
 killed a lot more. Hopefully not, hopefully not. I do though have to say I
 would have loved to just be in that interrogation room as he was valiantly
 trying to fight that. These were all accidents officer. These are all
 accidents. I totally didn't mean to do that. Here, give me your gun and I'll show
 you they're like no no no no. Just stay there and we don't believe you. We need
 some more nicotine. Let's go ahead and move on to our, why can't cops smoke in
 an interrogation room? Actually I'm kind of making this statement and I don't know
 maybe they can. I doubt it. I'm sure some lawyer would be like oh my god my
 asthma, but it's like that's very intimidating. Actually you know what I'm
 pretty sure they do smoke in interrogation rooms. I'm pretty sure they do, but they
 should if they don't they should be able to because if you don't like cigarette
 smoke, BFD dude you're in an interrogation room and if you don't mind
 smoke just like hey officer give me a cigarette and then you build that report.
 So I had to take a nicotine break after talking about all that stuff. Man being
 addicted to stuff sucks. But now we're gonna talk about me actually that is a
 great segue. We're gonna talk about being addicted to Ouija boards. So you know I
 have done it. I did a full episode I think or a full segment on Ouija boards a
 while back. Not a fan of them. I've never used them. I think either they're a waste
 of time because it's psychosomatic movement and it's just like a stupid
 parlor game and I don't care or they're real and a bunch of demons are gonna get
 me. Like there's it's one of the two. It's either a total waste of time and
 it's fake or it is actually opens up a gateway and I have better things to do
 with my time and I don't want giant gateways opened up. So I've always just
 kind of stayed away from them. Like my sister used to make them. She's not like
 she was woodcarver and stuff like that. She's like working for a factory. She
 would make them somehow. She'd make them on paper or some cutting board or
 something like that and whatever. I've never just really liked them. I've just
 never been. It's a combination of they're stupid and I'm scared of them. So I
 don't mess with them. It's funny because I'll do tarot cards and palm readings. I'll
 do tarot cards and I'll read palms. I'm not letting anyone else do that stuff
 because I know how the gimmick works. But you know I'm not gonna
 pay a psychic to do that stuff but I know how to do it myself. So I mean like
 stuff like that I'm fine with. I've never really done any sort of divination and
 any sort of mirror scrying or throwing chicken bones. None of that stuff. But I
 think that the risk reward is less. If I throw a couple chicken bones I'm just
 making my floor dirty and then I'll have this drunk come over and clean it up
 again. No that was a one-shot deal man. I don't think that that took a while.
 I hope for it to convince someone to do that. Actually she called me up and she
 goes hey I want to come over and punctuate your place. I've been thinking a lot
 about it. So you have to keep it clean. But anyways that aside it's just been
 something that I've always been really kind of like because I don't know. Like
 if I knew 100% that it was fake I'd be like fine whatever. No no even then would
 be a waste of time. But what I'm getting at I think just by this introduction you
 can kind of tell my relationship with Ouija boards. It's not a love-hate
 relationship. It's a don't-care-or-terrified relationship. And then I read
 these articles and I realize again why I don't mess with Ouija boards. Why I
 don't mess with Ouija boards at all. Let's go ahead. Put my fears aside.
 You may be fine with them. But let's put our fear aside. Climb into the dead
 rabbit-durgible. And we're gonna leave wherever we just were. We're gonna leave
 Virginia. And as we're flying away we hear the guy going I swear God it was
 an accident. It was an accident. Officer yuck yuck. And we're flying away. And we're
 going to Prescott Arizona. We're actually also going back in time to the
 year 1933. So it's just everything's super dusty. People are sepia toned. There's
 not a lot of food. The music sucks. It's a terrible terrible time to be alive. The
 only good thing about being alive in the 1930s is knowing like let's say you were
 20 in the 30s. You would be 50 by the time the 50s rolled around. Is my math
 right? No you'd be 40. Like you would the only good thing about being alive in the
 30s is knowing eventually you would like get to see like the Beatles and Elvis
 show up. If you were elderly in the 30s you were you were SOL. That would be the
 worst thing to be. But anyways we're going back to 1933. And we're going to
 meet a mother and her teenage daughter. The mother is Dorothea Irene Turley. That
 is an old name. And if you thought that name was super old her daughter's name is
 Maddie. I actually know a girl named Maddie and she's kind of cool. She's a
 little weird. But she'll sue me now. But anyways so Maddie I've known modern day
 Maddie's. But Dorothea I'd never. Dorothea is on the border of straight up
 calling someone diarrhea or Dorothea diarrhea. Like it's right on that board.
 Sorry if I have a listener named Dorothea. Anyways so Dorothea was a regular
 user of a Ouija board. She loved the Ouija board. It was something that she used all
 the time. They were sold as both products of entertainment and a way to
 contact the debt. But like anything some people take it super super seriously.
 Video games are meant to be an entertaining distraction slash art
 form to some. But some people like that's all they ever do. This was her
 Super Smash Brothers. This Ouija board thing. And she's sitting there with the
 Ouija board one day and her and her teenage daughter are playing it. There's dust
 everywhere. They have to keep dusting off the Ouija board and they're really
 hungry. They got no food. But they do have this form of entertainment. They're
 playing the Ouija board. And the Ouija board for whatever reason spells out for
 Maddie to kill her father. Now if it's fake. Not the story. The story is real. But
 again if the Ouija board's fake it's super easy to manipulate people with
 these things as well. If Dorothea wanted her husband dead for whatever reason it
 would be easy to make it go to kill daddy or whatever like that. But that wasn't
 the argument here. At the time Dorothea just goes Maddie you have to do what the
 board says. And Maddie's like I don't know about that. And her quote Dorothea's
 quote was the board cannot be denied. Almost like a religious text. A voice
 from beyond telling them what to do. So Maddie goes we need to double check this.
 There has to be a way to verify this. Should we pray? And Dorothea's like no no no.
 I have these spirit cards we'll use. I'll use these spirit cards to see if this is
 the right path of action. I don't know what they were. It could have been some
 spin-off of the Ouija board. It could be a variation to tarot cards. But anyways
 they would consult their spirit cards and it confirmed that Maddie had to kill
 her father. Now her father is milking the cows at this time. Like it's in the
 middle it's either early morning or mid-afternoon. Because it's farm time.
 This isn't late at night. He's not out of the bar or something like that. He's
 getting milk so the family can survive. And as he walks up he gets these two
 pails of milk. And he's like mm-hmm. Can't wait to drink this cow pus. This
 unpasteurized cow pus. He's carrying in the looking at how delicious it is. It's
 all clumpy. His daughter grabs the shotgun and is walking behind him. And he
 does... I mean dude it's a farm. People are carrying shotguns all the time. He's not
 even really thinking why does my daughter have a shotgun. Imagine you
 right now walking on the street and you turn around and one of your relatives is
 carrying a shotgun behind you. You'd be very very worried. But back then everyone
 had shotguns. He's walking and he sees his daughter behind him with the shotgun.
 Doesn't think twice about it. But suddenly gets two shotgun blasts through
 the back. He drops dead. And it doesn't really say how the police get involved in
 this. So maybe they noticed he was missing. I don't think the family would
 report it. But anyways the cops get involved and they arrest them. And at
 first the daughter, Maddie, says it was an accident. I was walking with the shotgun
 and I tripped and I fell and I shot him twice. And the cops go "that's a good
 story. It's a good story kid." But both shotgun blasts were in the exact same
 spot. So you would have had to shoot and then re-aim it and shoot again. Like the
 recoil. And she's like "uhh, dad nab it. Physics! Physics got me again." So then the
 story came out about... Then she goes "well my mom told me to because the Ouija board
 told her to." And it was this whole thing. So the police started to think that she
 wanted the husband dead. But Dorothy is like "no no no no no. The Ouija board made
 us. The Ouija board made us. I never wanted him dead but the Ouija board told
 me to and the board can't be denied. That's actually not a good defense in
 court." But what happened to these people? Maddie, young teenage Maddie, was sent to a
 reform school. That was it. One of those like hard-ass reform schools you see in
 those 70s exploitation films. But this one was in the 30s. So again just a
 dusty version of how much a girl's sitting around smoking cigarettes. She did
 that. The mom got sentenced to 15 years to life but that ruling got overturned on
 appeal. And she walked. Both people really didn't pay for the crime and it was all
 because the Ouija board. They blew this dude away. Super bizarre. I would just
 imagine... I just imagined that they got found guilty and then the appeal judge
 goes "I don't know what to do. I don't know if she should be let go. Let me
 consult my Ouija board." The Ouija board's like "let her go, let her go. Also kill your
 husband." And the circle continues. But that's not the only... There's actually
 quite a few deaths by Ouija boards. I found them in this article from Mysterious
 Universe's website, which is a great website. But these are the two most
 interesting ones. So the next one, if you want to read the other four, I mean
 there's a ton of them, but these are the two that I thought were the most
 interesting. Let's hop back into the Dead Rabbit Durgible. We're going to Minko,
 Oklahoma. We're going to your 2001. So we're gonna forget all that old-timey
 superstitious nonsense. This is new timey superstitious nonsense. This is 2001.
 This is February. And these people are sitting in this house in Oklahoma and
 they're playing with their Ouija board. Now this one we have a whole new group of
 characters. We have Carol. She's a grandma. She's 53 years old. You have her
 adult daughter Tammy and then you have a 10 year old granddaughter and a 15 year
 old granddaughter. And it's late one night and they're playing the Ouija board.
 Now again, Carol absolutely loved the Ouija board. This was her Grand Theft Auto 5.
 This is what she lived for. She's playing it all the time. They're sitting
 around having fun with this Ouija board. And this night they get a particular
 message. This story is weird, by the way. If you thought the first one was just like
 oh maybe she tried murdering because she wanted to get out of marriage. This one
 is straight up bizarre. They're playing with the Ouija board. And Tammy's husband
 is asleep in the bedroom playing with the Ouija board. And the Ouija board spells
 out to kill Tammy's husband, Brian. The family just kind of sits there for a
 second. It's at night. Candles going. Spooky time. They're having fun and it
 says to kill Brian. And Carol sitting there looking at the Ouija board. She
 stands up, goes into the kitchen, gets a knife. Now Tammy and the granddaughters
 are sitting in this room as Carol's doing this. They watch her go into the
 kitchen, grab a knife, go into the bedroom where Brian is asleep. Tammy and her
 daughters are sitting in this living room here. They hear Brian cry out for help
 suddenly. "Help me! Help me!" And they just sit there and do nothing until he
 stops moaning in pain and dies. So Carol then comes out of the bedroom with the
 knife and tries to attack the 15 year old granddaughter. And at this point Tammy
 wrestles the knife away from her. She's 53 years old. She's a grandma. I'm pretty
 sure her daughter could take her, but she gets the knife away from the grandma
 and says we have to go. We have to go. We have to go because now they are kind of
 snapping out of it. There is a dead body. There is a murder victim in the next
 room that the grandma just killed. So all the girls, and this is again, is such a
 weird detail. All the girls pile into the car and they let the grandma drive. The
 woman who just killed a dude, they go, "You drive! You drive shotgun!" and the mom
 hops into the passenger seat. Crazy grandma gets in the driver's seat. They
 start driving on the road and almost immediately Carol, the grandma, crashes
 the car in a street pole with the intent of killing all of them in a car
 accident. It doesn't work, but she breaks both of her ankles. She then hobbles out
 of the car. Everyone hobbles out of the car at that point because it's a smoking
 mess. She hobbles out of the car, walks up to her 15 year old granddaughter and
 is like, "Ugh!" and she pushes her 15 year old granddaughter into incoming
 traffic almost getting hit by a car. At that point, the grandma takes off
 through the forest. When the cops find her a couple hours later, both ankles are
 still broken. She's totally naked in the middle of the woods. No drugs or alcohol
 in her system. No history of mental illness. No history of like high stress.
 No domestic strife in the house. She just completely broke that night because of
 one message in the Ouija board and she was sentenced to a psychiatric hospital.
 And it's funny because as I was telling that story, I realized I didn't
 verify any of that. I got all of that stuff from one website. So I'm gonna take
 a quick break here. I'm gonna make sure this story is true. Hold on one second.
 Yeah, totally true. Just looked it up. Actually happened. It's so funny because
 as I was reading that, I was like, "This sounds too good to be true." When I was
 doing the research, sometimes I get caught up in the research and it's not
 until I start talking about it out loud that I go, "Hmm, that sounds a little
 weird." Nope, totally true. Tons of news articles on actual news websites, local
 news websites talking about this murder. It's weird because I had never heard of
 it and you think it would be something that is more well known. A Ouija board
 driving a woman to kill fairly recently within our lifetimes. A woman who by all
 accounts was totally normal before this night getting a message and murdering a
 person and then attempting to murder other people and then running away with
 broken feet and then finding her naked in the middle of the woods. We talk about
 on this show. We talk about portals and haunted places and cursed places and
 things like that. But there's something uniquely terrifying about being able to
 curse the place you're in right now, almost by accident. Accidents have kind
 of been a big theme this episode, but I don't think when I think at the very
 most Carol and Tammy and the granddaughters thought this was a fun
 game that they talked to spooky ghosts. But the idea of it inviting in some sort
 of malevolent demon into that house that prompts this insane series of events
 that took place over the course of maybe what a half hour if that to go from a
 loving family to a murder. Tammy was actually accused of accessory to murder
 because helping the grandma kind of get away but those charges were dropped. But
 to go from a peaceful family environment to a murder, a getaway, multiple
 attempted murders and then someone doing what would seem to be physically
 impossible, running out into the dark night with broken legs, stripping their
 clothes off as they run wild through the forest and dark branches scratching
 their skin. What was her, what was she going through mentally? What visions and
 things were she seen in her head? And the thing is, is like I honestly don't
 know which version of this story is scarier. We have a version where a
 family's playing with the Ouija board at night, it's dark, the candles are lit, and
 somewhere in those shadows something is opened. And a dark force, a demon, is
 crawling through the darkness of the living room towards Carol. It's unseen
 to the rest of the family. They're just having fun with this game and this
 creature is creeping up behind them. A shadow in a world of shadows and it
 creeps up her back and crawls into her brain and turns her into a murderer. Or
 none of that happened but a totally perfectly normal human being who never
 committed a violent act in their life snapped and murdered a man in cold
 blood. I don't know which one's scarier because you can avoid playing with
 Ouija boards and not having to worry about that fidgety creature standing in
 your closet waiting for you to turn your back before it gets you. You can avoid
 doing that but can you avoid simply going insane one day? Can you avoid living a
 perfectly normal life? Getting married, having kids, having grandkids, birthday
 parties, anniversaries, retirements, and then one day you're plunging a knife into
 a man's chest. One requires some sort of belief in the spiritual and the other
 one simply requires belief that humans can hide deep, deep evil and they don't
 need a Ouija board to access it.
 DeadRabbitRadio@gmail.com is going to be our email address. You can also hit us up
 at facebook.com/deadrabbitradio. Twitter is @jasonocarpenter. DeadRabbitRadio is
 the daily paranormal conspiracy and true crime podcast. You don't have to listen
 to it every day but I'm glad you listen to it today. Have a great one guys.
 Meet Zack. His work-life balance is anything but balanced but when he gets
 on the bike he becomes Zen Zack. Zen Zack exists outside of time. His heartbeat
 sounds like a melodrum circle. The only notification he hears is the sound of
 the ocean so if you want to reach him talk to the ocean. Zen Zack is so Zen
 because he has 24/7 expert claim service with Geico which is totally chill.
 Geico motorcycle, expert coverage for both your sides.
