 (children cheering)
 - Learning to swim is fun.
 British Swim School is welcoming all new students
 to start their journey in the world of water.
 The team of highly trained experts at British Swim School
 will show your little fish all the ins and outs
 of life in the water,
 while also sharing valuable knowledge on water safety.
 So is it time for your kids to get their feet wet?
 Sign them up now at britishswimschool.com.
 That's britishswimschool.com.
 British Swim School, make us flash.
 We've all heard the saying snitches get stitches,
 but in the country of Malta, snitches
 get a monument built to them.
 And then we travel to Ohio to meet a haunted VW bug
 that has one mission,
 stop teenagers from having sex today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode
 of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host Jason Carpenter.
 I'm having a great day.
 I hope you guys are having a great day too.
 I've actually been having a crazy day.
 But before we get into that,
 let's go ahead and introduce our Thanksgiving livestream
 contributor coming into Dead Rabbit Command right now.
 Everyone give a big round of applause for Allison's wake.
 Yay, Allison's come on in.
 Thank you so much for supporting the show.
 If you guys can't support the show financially,
 I totally understand, just help spread the word
 about the show.
 That also really, really helps out a lot.
 Now Allison's wake is bringing us in.
 Allie's set down this big giant box of beef jerky
 and I'm gonna eat it all.
 Nom, nom, nom, nom.
 I actually just broke fast.
 I took a 48 hour fast that I just broke before.
 Doing the podcast, I wanted to do 72 hours,
 but the other part of my crazy day is
 I got prescribed all of these steroids
 for this tooth issue I'm having.
 So I don't know a ton about steroids,
 but I do know you can't take them on an empty stomach.
 So I did break fast at 48 hours.
 And the reason why I'm telling you guys about this,
 I'm flexing on you guys, it's a little bit of a brag.
 But I would like you guys to try fasting.
 Now there's a lot of health benefits to it and stuff.
 You guys know me, I'm not a big health nut.
 That's probably why I constantly need steroids
 for my body to keep functioning.
 I'm not a big health nut.
 This is the reason why I fast.
 One, I figure it as personal endurance
 and I like being able to brag.
 I can go two days without eating.
 But secondly, that's what you brag about.
 You have a hit podcast.
 You have a hit podcast
 and that's what you're going around telling people.
 I think about it this way.
 Alien drop ships appear in the sky.
 (mimics flying)
 People are blowing up world leaders.
 Please, please, kill the populace, not me.
 I'm famous.
 All these alien foot soldiers
 are walking through the streets just blasting dudes.
 I will not have to eat for two days.
 Like I can go at least two days I was out walking.
 I did all my normal stuff.
 I was going to work.
 I'm walking everywhere.
 I walked down to the Walmart
 to get my prescription, all that stuff.
 If I would be able to go two days without eating.
 And I think most people wouldn't.
 And when I say most people,
 I mean most people in like the modern world.
 I know there's a lot of parts of the planet
 where they don't eat every day,
 but you need to be prepared.
 You need to be prepared
 when President Joe Biden begs for the aliens
 not to kill them.
 That may happen.
 So if you're not,
 this is actually like,
 I think Alex Jones is always trying to sell you supplements.
 I'm trying to sell you nothing.
 Literally don't do anything.
 If your diet allows it.
 Obviously I don't want to get accused
 of killing a bunch of people,
 a diabetes people or something.
 If you can't go two days without fasting medically,
 don't don't don't die please.
 But if it won't kill you, try it.
 I always think it's interesting to see
 what the human body can do.
 What your human body can do.
 There's my tummy rumbling.
 So I don't know if the microphone picked it up.
 The microphone is sensitive.
 If you hear lots of noises, that's probably what it is.
 But let's see if you can do it.
 Maybe start off with just a 24 hour fast,
 but dude, 'cause when those aliens start coming
 when the zombies invade,
 or maybe it'll just be something lame,
 like a civil war or something,
 and a tornado, boo.
 Think about it, right now,
 if something bad happened,
 I wouldn't be immediately looking for food.
 Which is a good thing because I've stated several times
 on this podcast, pretty much from like episode seven,
 that I'm willing to eat other humans
 if my back is to the wall.
 So now knowing that I can go at least two days,
 two active days, two new and my normal routine days,
 when no food means if you and I are ever trapped
 in a scenario, I will not eat you for two days.
 Allison's is super nervous.
 They're bringing in even more beef jerky.
 I don't know, Allison's, you're looking pretty good.
 Ali, I'm gonna go ahead and toss you the oars
 to the dead rabbit robot.
 We're gonna leave behind dead rabbit command.
 We're gonna row all the way out
 to Malta, splash, splash, rowing all the way out there.
 Long time listeners of Dead Rabbit Radio know that
 Dead Rabbit Radio is the number one science podcast
 in El Salvador.
 From time to time, someone else,
 some real science podcast gets rid of us,
 and acts as off the top.
 But generally, we're at least in the top five,
 but a lot of times we're the number one science podcast
 in El Salvador, another bizarre flex, but I'll take it.
 Well, recently, the country of Malta has jumped up.
 For a while, I was the number one science podcast in Malta,
 so I was like, okay, I already gave my El Salvador bros
 some respect by doing a story about a man
 who had sex with a donkey, making a little donkey baby.
 What can I give to my Malta minions?
 What can I give them?
 Is there anything going on in Malta
 that fits the theme of this show?
 We are now in Malta, specifically,
 we're in the town of St. Julian's.
 And it's about like the mid 1700s.
 So get on your old timey clothes,
 like your pantaloons and like your big old hat,
 everything super rule and like itchy and stuff.
 And we're walking down the streets of St. Julian's.
 I take my shirt off 'cause I'm itching too much.
 We're walking around.
 And in between San Juan, not San Juan,
 San Juan and a place called Berquerara,
 there's, there's a two different neighborhoods.
 There's like this road going in between those two places.
 And one day there's this dude just sitting on the street,
 kind of just hanging out, reading a newspaper.
 Where a newspaper's around at 1700.
 And there's like wood carvings of like people
 like herding cows and eating wheat,
 whatever made the news back in the 1700s.
 And this dude, so this guy reading the newspaper,
 we're gonna call him Tommy.
 So Tommy's sitting there and he's reading in this newspaper
 and a guy comes running by.
 (imitates crying)
 Tommy's like, what in the world was that?
 And he sees this guy kind of running
 and he ducks down an alley.
 Tommy goes, oh, that's kind of weird.
 But let me go back to reading this giant wood carving.
 And then a couple of minutes later,
 this other guy's kind of like jogging,
 jogging down the road.
 And he sees Tommy reading these wood carvings
 and he goes, hey, pardon me, sir, pardon me.
 Sorry to interrupt your, your news reading,
 but did you happen to see some dude run by?
 And Tommy thinks about it and he looks down the street
 and he goes, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 There was some guy like just kind of like
 distraught, looked like he was in a lot of trouble.
 And the dude standing up, his eyes go from side to side.
 He's like, trouble, I don't know what you're talking about.
 Do you know where he went?
 Do you know where this man went?
 Tommy goes, yeah, yeah, he went down the street a bit
 and then he turned left going down that alleyway.
 Gentleman goes, well, thank you very much for your service,
 sir, I will let you get back to reading the paper.
 The next day, Tommy wakes up,
 oh, he's milking cows and eating wheat
 and then he gets his picture carved into the newspaper.
 The most exciting man in Malta that day.
 And he's reading the newspaper and he turns
 and it says, murder.
 He's like, ah, and it says,
 a man was murdered in between San Juan and Burkara
 down this alleyway.
 And he's like, oh my God, oh my God,
 I can't believe what happened and he pieces it together.
 He realized what you realized.
 He snitched the dude out.
 This guy was running for his life
 and he told this other dude where he's at
 and the dude got stabbed to death in this alleyway.
 And he's like bleeding out and stuff like that.
 And he's like, ah, and he died.
 Now, why Tommy didn't hear the man
 getting brutally murdered down the street?
 I don't know.
 There's some questions I have about the story,
 but this story is so famous in Malta
 that not only did they build a giant monument,
 you know, in America, at least when there's a car accident,
 they'll put like a little cross in the road,
 a little wooden cross and teddy bears by it
 and stuff like that.
 It's like that, but it's made of stone.
 It's permanent.
 It's about 15 feet tall at the top as a crucifix.
 It's this giant pillar.
 And even today, people put like flowers by it.
 People stop and use it as this monument.
 It's called Ratch Mock Ratch.
 You smash, Mock, smash.
 Now, if you are one of my listeners from Malta,
 you can go ahead and correct me
 'cause I can guarantee there's some weird letters in there.
 There's some X's in there.
 I don't know if the X is silent,
 but what this means in English,
 this pillar is called,
 I saw, I didn't see, and I heard, I didn't hear.
 So basically, keep your mouth shut.
 If you see something, say nothing.
 The story's very famous.
 The monument's very famous.
 And at one point, you kind of think,
 maybe this is an urban legend.
 Maybe this pillar was here
 and someone made up the story behind it.
 No, this is very well known in Malta culture.
 There's actually a pop song about it
 written by a dude named Tony Camilleri.
 And the name of the song was I Don't See, I Don't Hear.
 And it just basically is like,
 here, let me read you some of the lyrics.
 I live in punishment.
 I live because I did not control my tongue.
 I didn't see it.
 I didn't hear it.
 This is the warning written on the wall.
 I didn't see it.
 I didn't hear it.
 See what you see, hear what you hear.
 Don't talk to anyone.
 Don't talk to anyone.
 I don't think a rapper could write stronger snitches,
 get stitches there.
 And he didn't get the stitches.
 The other dude got stitches.
 It's weird because the moral of the story
 is keep your mouth shut.
 Which generally in societies like in America and Britain,
 they have that whole,
 if you see something, say something.
 This is the opposite, right?
 But it is ingrained into that culture.
 If you see something, maybe just,
 maybe just don't tell anyone.
 Really fascinating story.
 And it's like, I was looking up like true crime in Malta.
 And this was one of the ones that popped up a lot.
 The murder of this man.
 And the lesson is keep your mouth shut.
 For me, I grew up in bad neighborhoods, right?
 Snitches get stitches, wasn't just a phrase.
 It was an actual thing you have to worry about.
 And I always saw it like this.
 'Cause it was so funny, 'cause my friends are like,
 dude, we just can't tell when,
 we can't tell what your view is on law enforcement.
 My view always was, 'cause there have been time,
 I remember once this dude took this little girl hostage
 and they were doing this hostage situation.
 It was like, where was this?
 It was in Art and Fair, I think, out in Sacramento.
 And the cops had surrounded the apartment complex.
 They were there for two days.
 Everyone was watching it on the news.
 And I go, you know what?
 Those cops must be awfully thirsty.
 So I went and got like two or three, 24 packs of soda.
 I got two 24 packs of soda and a 24 pack of water.
 And I pulled up to the line of where all the police were.
 And I went to go give them the sodas.
 And the officer goes, oh, I appreciate that.
 I think he took some waters.
 He goes, I appreciate that, but we solved it.
 Everything's good.
 And I was like, oh, okay.
 And then as I'm driving home, the radio was like,
 the police, what they did was they got a sniper
 and they were able to have all the infrared stuff
 to see through the wall.
 I mean, he was holding like a three-year-old girl hostage
 for like two days.
 And the sniper shot a bullet right through the wall
 and blew his head off right in front of the kid.
 I mean, the kid was gonna be traumatized either way,
 but they shot him through the wall.
 They could see him through the wall.
 And so yeah, they didn't need sodas.
 They're all going home to their family.
 So on that, like nobody's pro holding
 three-year-old kids hostage.
 But there's other, I had other interactions with the police
 that were far less friendly overall.
 So my goal, my always goal was this,
 is that I think it's wrong to snitch.
 If you're part of a criminal enterprise
 and you get caught and snitching reduces your sentence,
 you're gonna get stitches.
 If you're part of a criminal enterprise
 and you're making money off of that criminal enterprise,
 but they start blowing you off
 or they start sleeping with your girlfriend
 or something dumb and you snitch on them,
 snitches get stitches, that's on you.
 If you're a civilian,
 if you're outside of an organization
 or you have nothing to do with the money making
 and you're driving home and you see a crime,
 that to me was never snitches get stitches.
 Now that depended on the,
 depended on the particular gangster
 who was involved in that situation.
 For me, snitches get stitches is that,
 where you're working with them.
 There are other times I've obviously dealt
 with law enforcement because I see someone doing this,
 someone doing that, what was it,
 probably a couple weeks ago,
 some dudes were beating some woman up
 and some dude, some random guy outside a bar.
 I called the cops, I'm 45 years old.
 I'm not gonna go out there
 and tussle with a bunch of 19 year olds,
 a bunch of drunk 19 year olds in the middle of the street.
 I'm not gonna do that.
 I walk outside, these guys are beating up this dude
 and this girl, the dude and the girl
 are holding their own honestly
 and I just doot doot, hello, yeah, this is,
 they know me, the cops know me, yeah, this is Jason,
 hey, I got a fight, oh nevermind,
 everyone's getting in their car,
 blah, blah, blah, blah,
 and then I talked to the girls for a bit
 and that was that.
 So I don't consider that snitches get stitches.
 That's something where I think you could easily say,
 you see something say something like that.
 It's always a tricky thing though.
 I also know, I've never been,
 this has never happened to me,
 but I also know of people who have snitched
 and they did not work out well for him.
 I actually know of people,
 I gotta be careful how much they talk about this,
 but I actually know of people whose family members snitched
 and they had to like quit their job and move away.
 Like I'm hanging out with this dude
 and a relative of his snitched
 and this dude was like, hey dude, I'll see you later
 or never again, like I have to leave the state.
 I was like, hey, what's going on?
 And he told me this crazy story
 about how his buddy, how his relative did this
 and then went to the police about this
 and then him and his family were in danger
 to the point that they had to leave.
 People were trying to actively kill them,
 like actively kill them 'cause something that is real.
 So it's always an interesting,
 I mean, when you're on the outside it's interesting.
 I hope that friend of mine is doing fine,
 but yeah, that was years ago, that was years ago.
 So yes, snitches get stitches is a famous, famous phrase
 and in Malta it's the opposite, keep your mouth shut.
 It's just an interesting story, it's keep your mouth shut
 and that's not what your government would want.
 I'm surprised this story is still around.
 It seems counterintuitive that the government
 would want to keep this story around.
 But, Alison's, I'm gonna give you the keys
 of the carbon helicopter, we're leaving behind.
 Malta, we're headed all the way out to Ohio.
 (imitates engine revving)
 And as we're headed out there,
 I wanna do a really, really quick dead rabbit recommends.
 Speaking of alien evasions,
 this is what kind of why I was thinking
 about alien evasions.
 I watched the Doughbuss movie,
 I've watched a lot of great movies recently.
 This one I just watched like two days ago
 and it jumped to the top of my list of movies
 I wanted to talk about.
 It's a Netflix exclusive,
 it's a Netflix exclusive movie starring Michael Pina,
 who's been in like everything.
 He's just this great character actor,
 he's been in a ton of movies.
 It's called Extinction.
 And it's, I love alien invasion movies when they're done right.
 Same thing I love about zombie movies or pandemic movies
 'cause it's about the end of the world,
 asteroids coming down, all this type of stuff
 and how people are dealing with the end of the world.
 And it's a great alien invasion movie with a twist.
 Michael Pina is kind of like a dad
 on the cusp of a failing marriage,
 his kids don't like him.
 He works at like some CERN type laboratory
 as like an engineer.
 And he begins to have dreams, visions of an alien invasion.
 He keeps seeing people just getting shot in the streets
 and all these drop ships coming down in the cities
 and people just getting gunned down.
 And he's at work and he has a vision of himself
 like beating someone to death with his hands.
 He's having these horrible visions about the future.
 And his wife is just like,
 "Listen, you're just going crazy.
 Please, please get this treated.
 Me and the kids can't deal with this anymore."
 So he goes to the psychiatrist's office
 and while he's in the office,
 there's another patient sitting next to him there
 and they're like in the waiting room.
 And the other dude turns to Michael Pina
 and goes, "You're not crazy.
 I see the aliens too.
 I've seen the visions and they're coming."
 And you're like, "Oh, dude, this movie's really dope."
 Because not only is it a really tight alien invasion movie,
 it goes, it's like an hour and a half long,
 but it moves so quickly.
 Not only is it a really good alien invasion movie,
 you have the mystery is how does he know the future?
 And I'll tell you right now, as I was watching,
 I was like, "Oh, I hope it's not that
 this is also a vision and he's going to wake up
 and he's like, "Oh, now I know what's going to happen."
 Like invasion from Mars or something like that.
 No, it's not a twist that it's all a dream.
 You have this really cool alien invasion movie
 where they are gunning people down on the streets.
 It is like block by block alien invasion
 mixed with the mystery.
 How does he know, how did he know this was going to happen?
 Really, really tight movie.
 It reminded me of a short science fiction story
 that I would have read some Saturday afternoon
 when I was a teenager.
 Like I, it's such a good sci-fi adventure.
 It's actually quite grim.
 I don't know if I'd call it an adventure,
 but Dead Rabbit recommends extinction on Netflix.
 Really, really recommend that movie.
 I said recently that the export's been putting out
 a lot of quality stuff and they have.
 The guy who's writing the story had an uncle.
 When he was growing up,
 he had a great uncle who would always tell him
 about local urban legends.
 And where we're at is in Buckeye Lake, Ohio.
 And he goes, "My uncle would tell me stuff
 like Crybaby Bridge.
 That's a very typical story.
 We've covered stuff like that on the show before.
 The Grass Man of Ohio,
 which is basically like a Bigfoot type of creature.
 All these local urban legends."
 And there was one story that this poster had heard
 that intrigued him for years.
 And he actually tried finding more information on it.
 He could never get any more info on it.
 He goes, "I kind of think that my great uncle
 might have made it up, but I don't know."
 He goes, "It's so weird that,
 and I can't find any proof of any of it,
 so maybe my uncle made it up."
 But he also knew all about all these other urban legends.
 Why would he make this one up
 if all the other ones could be traced to something?
 Back in the late 1950s in the town of Mount Vernon,
 a bright blue Volkswagen Beetle comes driving into town.
 (mimics engine)
 And inside this Beetle was a father, we'll call him Jake,
 and his daughter, we'll call her Alyssa,
 and they're driving down the road.
 The relationship between Jake and Alyssa
 was so stereotypical, is so cliche, but it is realistic.
 He was a devout Christian man who ruled the house, right?
 A man's home is his castle,
 and everyone has to do what he says,
 and he follows the one boss, the big boss in the sky.
 He is a devout Christian.
 She is a rebellious teenager.
 She wants to dress how she dresses
 and listen to the music what she wants to listen to.
 She's like, "I wanna listen to Chuck Berry."
 He's like, "Oh, that's so rebellious."
 And she wants to date who she wants to date.
 Now the one person that united this family is passed away.
 This is like a real life, the righteous gemstones.
 They no longer have this unifying force.
 You just have two people that are on different paths.
 But the rebellious girl is living with her dad
 and my house, my rules, Jake always said.
 So they would constantly fight.
 She wasn't gonna follow the rules,
 but she also couldn't afford to get her own place.
 They were constantly fighting.
 It was a house full of torment.
 And it came to a head when the father,
 one day, found out that Alyssa was dating
 a 20-something year old man.
 He flips out.
 Jake totally flips out because, listen,
 you know this is a recipe for disaster.
 The dude's not gonna stick around.
 At best, he's just gonna break your heart.
 At worst, he's gonna knock you up.
 It's gonna be this huge thing.
 So Jake forbids his daughter from ever seeing this guy again.
 And Alyssa, in the throes of teenage love, doesn't care.
 Doesn't listen to the dad.
 She needs to keep being with this dude, right?
 Which is the dumb decision.
 But again, very, very cliche
 because it happens all the time.
 Jake actually thinks that it's solved though.
 He think he actually got through to his daughter.
 But one day when he was rummaging
 through her room, apparently,
 he finds a pair of men's boxers
 kind of stuffed away in the back of her closet.
 So Alyssa's at school and Jake is enraged.
 He can't believe that this is a crime.
 Even in the 1950s, I'm pretty sure
 you weren't allowed to be 25 years old
 dating a 15-year-old.
 I'm not for sure, but I hope it was against the law.
 He decides to confront this boyfriend.
 So while Alyssa's at school, he jumps in his bright blue beetle
 and Jake is driving through town,
 going to this boy's house.
 He's going to probably kill this guy
 for sleeping with his teenage daughter.
 But he doesn't get the opportunity to.
 He doesn't get the sweet, sweet satisfaction
 of strangling a man who did you wrong.
 On his way to this boyfriend's house,
 he blows through a stoplight.
 The truck slams into him and he dies at the scene.
 Police show up, "Meow, meow, meow."
 Taking reports, ambulance shows up, "Meow, meow, meow."
 They're like, "What are we supposed to do?
 "He's dead, I don't know, we're throwing him in the gurney."
 So they put him in the gurney and then the tow truck shows up,
 "Eat, eat, eat."
 And they take their wreckage of the blue beetle
 to like a holding area and then eventually to a scrap yard
 where they're like, "Put it in the box thing."
 It's not really good people who work at the scrap yard.
 They don't know what anything's called.
 The workers are like, "What is the box thing?"
 They just tumble the car around
 till they get to the compactor.
 That's what I meant.
 They're like, "That makes more sense."
 (mimics car engine revving)
 And the blue beetle's getting crushed.
 Until it's now like a little cube and hoisted up.
 Put the cube, put the cube on the box.
 They're like, "Dude, quick, call in stuff boxes.
 "Everything's a box.
 "Stuff gets turned into boxes here.
 "You're fired, you can't work here anymore."
 So the blue beetle is crushed to bits
 and the story of Alyssa,
 we never really know what happens to her.
 Did she stay with her boyfriend?
 Was she overcome with emotion at the loss of her father?
 Does she decide to dedicate her life to Christ?
 We don't know any of this stuff
 because that would be an involved character development
 and human interest.
 Instead, the story goes like this.
 Couple weeks later, these two teenagers
 are making out in the woods near Mount Vernon.
 Mm, well, ooh, Terry, you're so sexy.
 Oh, thank you, Bruce.
 (imitates kissing)
 They're kissing.
 And they see some headlights in the distance
 and they're like, "Oh, maybe that's the cops
 "coming to break us up."
 And then they go, "Wait a second."
 No, because unless the cops
 started driving Volkswagen bugs,
 it's not the cops.
 And they're looking at this blue Volkswagen beetle
 sitting on the road and then it starts going.
 (imitates engine revving)
 And it starts driving on the road towards them.
 Now I used to have a Volkswagen bug.
 They're very iconic cars, they're very fuel efficient.
 They are not knowing for their speediness, though.
 But these teenagers claim that they were chased
 through the forest, through the forest, no paved road.
 The car begins to chase them through the forest.
 And they're like, "Ah, this Volkswagen bug."
 (imitates engine revving)
 He's like going, he's like driving over roots
 and it's a little goalies and stuff like that.
 But they report to the police, we were making out,
 and a car chased us through the woods.
 And the police are like, "Okay, that's weird.
 "We'll put that down on our paperwork,
 "but hope that doesn't happen to you again."
 I actually did probably investigate it a little bit more
 than that, they're like, "What?
 "Attempted kidnapping, we'll all write that down,
 "but hopefully it doesn't happen again."
 Stories start to spread around town
 of teenagers in their bedroom.
 Oh, my parents are out of town, Johnny.
 You wanna get to third base?
 He's like, "Well, that's really aggressive.
 "Do you know what third base actually means?"
 She's like, "I do, I do."
 And she starts undressing.
 Do you guys know what third base is?
 It's up there, called third base for a reason.
 As she begins undressing, she begins taking off her bra
 and then she's trying to show off her headlights,
 but instead headlights illuminate the room from outside.
 Ah, it's blinding.
 And the guy would look out the window
 and there would be a bright blue Volkswagen bug
 sitting in the street, it's headlights shining
 on the teenagers.
 Ah, cut it out, man, cut it out.
 I'm trying to have sex with this chick.
 It starts happening all over town.
 Teenagers start saying whenever I start taking my clothes off
 before I'm about to make some whoopee, headlights appear
 through the window and I look outside
 and there's this bright blue Volkswagen bug.
 Teenagers start reporting the blue bug
 following them around town,
 whether they're driving with their snuggle bunny
 or just walking down the street holding hands.
 Bright blue Volkswagen bug behind them.
 And then there are some that say that this car
 is not a simple voyeur, it's not just tracking down
 these people or slowly pursuing them through the forest
 as fast as a Volkswagen bug can drive through a forest.
 People start to realize that teens are going missing
 in the town of Mount Vernon.
 Now, some of them you could chalk up to runaway,
 some of them you could chalk up to them just going on,
 getting tired of their home, joining the military, whatever.
 But there are some who say that the blue beetle itself
 was kidnapping and killing young teenage lovers.
 The story is known as the sex-hating Volkswagen
 of Mount Vernon, Ohio.
 It's interesting because the way that the story
 was presented to us again was,
 I don't know if this story is true,
 but all these other stories my great uncle told me,
 I was able to find verification of.
 It would be one thing if he was like,
 and that was the time I stopped the leprechaun
 from ending World War II.
 If he was making stuff up,
 you think you'd have more made up stuff.
 So the legend may be true in the sense that the great uncle
 didn't make it up, that he had simply heard it
 as an urban legend himself,
 but even going one step further
 in the world of the paranormal, this makes sense.
 This is something that could happen
 in the world of the paranormal
 because it's really fascinating.
 'Cause what we have is a vengeful spirit.
 The father who was trying,
 really what he was trying to do,
 yeah, he was probably a little overbearing,
 but at the end of the day,
 he was trying to save his daughter.
 She was in a relationship with a much, much older man
 who was taking advantage of her, right?
 So despite that he might have come down a little heavy,
 and he wasn't gonna murder the guy,
 we have a man who feels like he has to do this
 to take care of his family,
 and he dies in that rage, he dies in that moment.
 So a vengeful spirit, a wraith,
 totally fits with Ghost Lore as we know it.
 And if the car itself,
 the mechanical structure of the car
 was possessed by a ghost, we see that as well,
 not necessarily with cars,
 but we see dolls possessed by ghost
 and paintings possessed by ghost.
 I have a friend who says that her lamp
 is possessed by a ghost.
 It's not really her lamp, she bought it from a thrift store.
 But the point is, is that the idea of a ghost
 possessing an inanimate object is very, very accepted
 within the Paranormal Lore.
 But remember this car was destroyed.
 This is a really interesting story
 'cause we have a vengeful spirit
 taking the form of the car.
 It was almost like he had infused the physical being
 of this vehicle with his rage.
 So when he returned to Earth as the spirit,
 it wasn't him just walking around town,
 which to be honest, wouldn't be super intimidating.
 I mean, okay, if I was trying to have sex in the woods
 with some hot chick and some dude starts walking towards me,
 I'm gonna run, I'm gonna get her,
 I take her, I take her and I run away.
 But it'd be far more scary, right?
 To be chased by a, maybe not chased by a Volkswagen bug,
 but chased by a car.
 Remember that old movie Wraith?
 What's kind of about that?
 It was about the guy who died in the car accident
 and then drove around running people over.
 It was a really good movie.
 Who was in it?
 Like Richard Greco or Robert Downey Jr. or somebody?
 Anyways, you did have recommends Wraith.
 I saw it when I was 12, maybe it's the holds up.
 The idea of a ghost taking the form of a car,
 chasing people down, this all fits with the lore.
 So while the story may have been made up,
 it's possible that it was real.
 And when we go back to the 1950s,
 if this was something that teenagers were reporting,
 obviously it sounds really, really dumb.
 So no parent is going to take this seriously.
 And actually now that I think about it,
 they wouldn't be reporting this, right?
 Like the couple in the woods would have told the authorities
 'cause they were almost killed,
 but no one's going to be like,
 "Mom, mom, you won't believe what happened
 when me and Johnny were trying to have sex last night."
 And she's like, "Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait,
 what?
 You would, this would be spreading from teenager to teenager."
 That's how the story would be being told.
 So it's possible that this poster's great uncle
 was a teenager at this time and was hearing these stories.
 It wouldn't be something you would announce to the world
 'cause all of these kids are doing something
 that they shouldn't be doing, right?
 Trying to have sex.
 I mean, I'm not saying sex is bad,
 but obviously teenagers, the longer you can postpone
 having sex, the better off you're going to be.
 Especially if there's a killer car on the loose.
 So the point is is that you could have this phantom
 in this form of this car stalking the city of Mount Vernon,
 trying to stop teenagers from having sex.
 And if we accept the story as true
 and it does fit into Ghost Lore,
 it's possible the VW bug is still out there.
 Roman these streets, if this is a super obscure story,
 it would be one of those things.
 It's kind of the plot of Nightmare on Elm Street, right?
 They erased all knowledge of Freddie Kruger.
 And that was fine for about 30 years,
 but then the kids started having dreams about this guy
 and asking, "Who's Freddie Kruger?"
 The parents were like, "Uh."
 So it's possible that this legend did happen
 and people just forgot about it.
 It was whispered among teens and then they grew up
 and then they go, "Oh, maybe that wasn't real."
 I always do wonder what happened to Tiffany.
 She went missing that one day, but I don't know.
 Go about me.
 That's the cop investigating the crime.
 I don't know, someone else will figure it out.
 Everyone moves on with their life,
 but this Volkswagen bug is still out there.
 Looking for teenagers about to have sex,
 trying to skier them off.
 But when that fails, trying to chase them off.
 And when that fails, killing them.
 So next time you're driving down the road
 on the way to your special loved one's house,
 you got a box of condoms.
 You're very, very optimistic.
 You have a box of condoms in your glove compartment
 and you're driving over to your special lady's house.
 Make sure to check in that rear view mirror.
 See if you're being followed.
 Look in that rear view mirror
 'cause there might be a set of headlights behind you.
 But it's just the mailman.
 For some reason he's delivering mail
 so you're late at night and he passes you and go, "Whew."
 And then you get to her house
 and you bring in a shopping bag full of condoms
 and you set them down on the table.
 "Honey, I'm home."
 And she's like, "Ooh."
 And then you see some headlights outside your window
 and you're like, "Ugh."
 And you look out and it's old farmer John on his tractor
 just going by.
 You're like, "What, that's weird."
 (imitates engine revving)
 Tractor, noises.
 And then you go to the bedroom with your lovely lady
 and you're like, "Hey."
 You know what third basis I heard in a podcast
 and not entirely for sure.
 And she goes, "Take me."
 And she throws herself down on the bed.
 And right when you get on top of your lovely lady
 to make sweet, sweet, passionate love to her,
 you hear the closet door creak open.
 (imitates door creaking)
 And you turn and the cat walks out of the closet.
 You're like, "You're like,
 "I need to stop listening to this paranormal podcast
 "before I have sex with my girlfriend."
 'Cause obviously I'm very, very paranoid.
 And you were able to make sweet love with your girlfriend
 and everything's great.
 And you go through the bag
 and then you go to the store to buy some more condoms
 and then you run out of those.
 And then eventually it's dawn, it's three weeks later
 and you've been late for work, you've been fired.
 And you're walking out to your car
 and you're driving home with a big smile on your face.
 And you see another set of headlights behind you
 and you're like, "Oh, that's probably just the mailman
 "or the tractor or the cat."
 But instead it's a bright blue Volkswagen bug.
 You might not be a teenager.
 You might not be having illicit sex
 with someone you shouldn't be with.
 But to a vengeful spirit from beyond the grave,
 those are just trivialities.
 You have now run afoul
 of the sex-hating Volkswagen bug.
 There's nowhere to run, there's nowhere to hide.
 It will get you.
 It will take you away to the bad place.
 Soon you find yourself freezing cold
 in a junkyard made out of desiccated human remains.
 You're like, "Wow, this escalated fast."
 And as the compactor starts to press in on you,
 "Ugh, no, no, I wanna live longer.
 "Ugh, let me get laid at least 10 more times."
 "Ugh, pfft."
 And as the very last thing that pops is your eyeball.
 You have one eyeball and right before it pops,
 you see a Volkswagen bug.
 It's like Lightning McQueen.
 It's operating the gears of the compactor
 with its wheel hands.
 It's like, "Gotta go fast."
 "Errrgh."
 And then the eyeball gets squished and you're totally dead.
 You became the latest victim
 of the sex-hating Volkswagen bug.
 If it existed, it still exists.
 If it was a vengeful ghost
 trying to prevent people from having sex,
 it's still continuing that mission to this day.
 The only question is, will you become its next victim?
 Or will you abstain from sex forever?
 The choice.
 The choice is yours.
 Dead Rabbit Radio at gmail.com
 is gonna be our email address.
 You can also head us up at facebook.com/deadratveradio.
 TikTok is @deadratveradio.
 Dead Rabbit Radio is the daily paranormal conspiracy
 and true crime podcast.
 You don't have to listen to it every day,
 but I'm glad you listened to it today.
 Have a great one, guys.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 This is the story of a daughter of handstands,
 lemonade stands, and first corsages,
 and that perfect driver's license picture.
 Travelers, this is Carlos.
 - Someone just hit my car.
 - Is everyone okay?
 Are you safe?
 It's also the story of an insurance company
 that believes people always come first.
 If it matters to you,
 traveler's insurance will help protect it.
 Travelers, it's better under the umbrella.
 Speak to an independent agent today.
