 They truly are like family to us.
 We are so lucky to have these people that just care.
 At Ann and Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago,
 we know that caring for your child takes more than medicine.
 They're not just treating the disease.
 They're caring for Olivia.
 They know my baby's name.
 They make me happy.
 And they make me feel better.
 With cutting-edge treatments and kid-friendly care,
 there's a reason Lurie Children's has ranked the number one
 Children's Hospital in Illinois.
 I would always recommend Lurie Children's, always.
 When the world needed a hero, fate sent two heroes.
 Are the stories of a bizarrely dressed man
 walking around the streets of Chile,
 looking like a supervillain?
 True, that might actually be true.
 But in this particular story, does he also play a flute?
 And then we travel to Pennsylvania
 to meet a family that lives on the outskirts of town,
 way up on a mountaintop.
 They're just having a normal American life
 until the aliens invaded.
 Today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 (upbeat music)
 Hey, everyone, welcome back to another episode
 of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host, Jason Carpenter.
 I'm having a great day.
 I hope you guys are having a great day too.
 Hope you guys had a lot of fun
 in between listening to the last episode
 and listening to this episode.
 And if you happen to be binging them,
 I hope you had a really fun minute
 as you waited for the new episode to start.
 Speaking of fun minutes,
 he's really good at telling time apparently,
 according to the segue.
 Let's give a shout out
 to our newest Patreon supporter, Reese's Pieces.
 Everyone give him a round of applause.
 He's back.
 He used to support the Patreon a long time ago
 and he's back just as delicious as ever.
 Now also holding a bunch of clocks.
 Because that's his thing now
 to make the original joke make sense.
 He walks in, he's juggling clocks.
 He's riding a tricycle.
 All the wheels are clocks.
 Reese's Pieces and he's made of candy.
 Reese's Pieces.
 You're gonna be our captain, our pilot this episode.
 You guys can't support the Patreon
 or you guys aren't as delicious.
 It's fine too.
 Just helps read the word about the show.
 Really, really helps out a lot.
 Reese's Pieces, let's go ahead
 and hop in the Dead Rabbit Durgible.
 We are leaving behind Dead Rabbit Command.
 We are headed out to Jakarta, Indonesia.
 (imitates engine revving)
 This story is fascinating to me
 that we're about to cover.
 Because it's one of those things.
 Recently I did a story and I go,
 "Hey, it was about the Army Hammer thing.
 "If you didn't know, Army Hammer, famous celebrity.
 "He's also a cannibal, allegedly?
 "He denies it, but his DMs
 "seem to make it look like he's a cannibal."
 And apparently his ex-husband come forward
 and said, "Don't look in the basement."
 Because apparently, allegedly,
 he would buy mannequins.
 This guy, this story is just so weird.
 He'd buy mannequins so he could practice tying them up.
 Allegedly, still,
 that's weird, but anyways.
 So, and my thing about that story was,
 why is no one in the conspiracy community
 talking about a Hollywood dude who wants to eat people?
 And I couldn't figure it out.
 I said, maybe it was the election.
 We have this other story that should be huge news
 in the COVID conspiracy group.
 This should actually be,
 they should make flags of these people.
 They should hire a Renaissance painter
 to go back in time, kidnapped Leonardo.
 They should hire a guy to draw a mural
 dedicated to these two people.
 This event that I'm about to tell you
 shatters the mainstream media's view
 on the coronavirus that also gets this channel demonetized
 and this video removed.
 But I totally believe in the coronavirus.
 I believe it's real COVID-19.
 I'll get my vaccine.
 But I know there's a lot of people out there
 who don't feel that way.
 A lot of people out there think it's overblown,
 it's a hoax, and I don't understand
 why this story is on all of their websites.
 All of them.
 Let me read you this headline from The Sun.
 You know you're gonna get a good headline
 when I'm reading it from The Sun.
 Rona Romp.
 Nurse suspended,
 Army Hammer's Life from Rope?
 Isn't the nurse suspended from Rope?
 No, no, no, no.
 Suspended from the job.
 Nurse suspended after stripping off PPE,
 which is the personal protective gear.
 I have to stop and keep cracking jokes into finding words.
 Nurse suspended after stripping off PPE
 to have sex with COVID infected patient
 in hospital toilet.
 So what happened was there's a nurse walks in
 to take care of this patient in Jakarta, Indonesia.
 This was at the Wisma Atlet Emergency Hospital.
 Sure, I'm sure they love this story getting out there.
 They have a COVID ward,
 and then they have the rest of the hospital.
 And you have this nurse, we don't know his name,
 we'll call him Jerry.
 He's walking through the ward.
 ♪ Do do do do do do ♪
 He's wearing all of his PPEs like the headline said.
 You kind of know where this story is going.
 I don't know why I'm building it up.
 I don't know why I'm building up the dramatic tension.
 I'm all willy.
 The end of the story is he bangs this dude
 who is a patient at the COVID facility.
 And the guy that he's having sex with takes photos of it.
 What doesn't take photos of the act itself,
 but takes, for lack of a better term, evidence.
 Takes photos of like their clothes on the ground,
 like the PPE gear on the ground,
 and I imagine he's like putting a Motee Con's
 being like sexy and cough cough a little coughing,
 happy face.
 They have sex in the hospital toilet.
 Now this guy, this nurse,
 knows that the patient has COVID-19.
 He's in the COVID ward.
 So he was there for a car accident
 and then got diagnosed later.
 But apparently, I don't know if they matched up on Grindr
 or something like that,
 and the location thing was all,
 bing bing, and he turns and he looks
 and it's the COVID ward.
 He bangs this dude.
 Now there's two parts to this story.
 I mean, other than that,
 other than the COVID sex.
 One, in Indonesia,
 they have these really strict anti-pornography laws.
 So because the guy was taking photos
 and being like, "Ooh la la,
 me had sexy time in the hospital,"
 they're both facing 10 years in prison.
 It's like decency laws.
 So now there's an Motee Con of a sad,
 smiley face behind jail bars.
 Like, I don't understand,
 if you're in that country, you should know the laws.
 But they're both facing 10 years in prison for this.
 And that's just human tragedy.
 That's an overblown thing.
 That's an overblown sentence for that.
 But this is what the real kick in the pants is.
 That's what the real pull on the catheter is.
 The guy has COVID, the nurse goes in, they have sex.
 The nurse who was tested was not COVID positive.
 The guy who was in the ward still had COVID
 after the sex that didn't cure it.
 That wasn't a cure that was being promoted
 on some health site, darkoutpost.com.
 It's like, if you have man on man sex,
 your COVID will go away.
 No, they didn't say that, that was just a joke
 'cause I don't know how litigious they are.
 But it wasn't that.
 The guy who had COVID, still has COVID,
 but the guy who had hot, sweaty,
 hospital toilet sex with him did not catch COVID.
 So guys, I don't understand why this is not a rally cry.
 Again, I know that COVID's far more complicated than that.
 And I do believe it's real.
 However, there are a lot of people who don't.
 Why aren't they talking about this story?
 Why aren't they saying, hey man,
 what are you gonna wear my mask at Walmart?
 Two dudes had put sex in Indonesia and they didn't get it?
 Well, one of them did, but he already had it.
 But I can't buy grapes.
 I can't buy grapes at Walmart.
 What is this?
 I'm not saying that's a valid argument.
 I wanna be very, very clear
 to the person who's going to delete this video.
 I'm not saying that's a valid argument.
 What I don't understand is why they're not making that argument.
 Why is it that I can't eat inside a Taco Bell
 but these two dudes can roll around on a dirty hospital floor
 and one of them gets up and just goes home?
 He's totally fine.
 So I don't understand it.
 I actually, this was one of those stories
 that I sat on for a while, no pun intended.
 And I thought, I thought someone's gonna start talking
 about this.
 So this is gonna be big in the conspiracy theory community
 because all of those reasons I gave.
 But nope.
 So hopefully these guys don't do 10 years.
 That's super stiff.
 Again, no pun intended.
 And they didn't even take photos of the sex act.
 It was just like photos of like, apparently the guy was
 tweeting about how big their genitals were.
 He was like, well, it was definitely bigger.
 He was bragging.
 There was no like actual sex stuff shown,
 but that was enough.
 Indonesia said, no, 10 year prison sentence for both of you.
 It was gross to have sex with a COVID infected person
 inside of a hospital.
 But I don't think that's,
 I don't think being gross should get you 10 years in prison.
 Reese's Pieces is already taking up the Dead Rabbit
 Durgeable.
 He's like, no, get your own ride.
 I'm sorry, it was disgusting.
 I'm sorry, I joined the VHN again.
 We coax him back.
 We have a giant flavor Flave Clock
 that we're gonna put around his neck.
 Reese's Pieces, let's put you at the helm
 of the Dead Rabbit Dreadnaught, our massive battleship.
 We're leaving behind the island nation of Indonesia.
 We are headed out to Chile.
 (explosion)
 That's the boat going over the waves.
 Did you guys see that trailer for that new movie?
 God's Illiverse Kong.
 So as Reese's Pieces is piloting the Dead Rabbit Dreadnaught,
 he is taking us out to the country of Chile.
 Specifically, we're going to the city of Vina del Mar.
 It's a coastal city.
 So the Dead Rabbit Dreadnaught pulls right up to the port.
 We all jump off, we're magically wearing tourist clothes.
 And we're going to Valparcio.
 That's the commercial section of the city.
 So everyone get your cameras ready, click, click.
 We're like, oh, look at Macy's.
 Click, click.
 Look at McDonald's running in their meat and food.
 We're having a good time at Valparcio.
 But then we hear a (humming)
 We all kind of turn around at the same time.
 (humming)
 I think he's a scat man.
 But we hear a song being played on a recorder.
 (humming)
 We turn around and we're looking for the sound of a recorder.
 And we see it.
 It's a man playing a recorder.
 Like it's not a mystery at all.
 Usually there's people playing the recorders.
 Ah-ha, but hold on.
 This man looks like a super villain.
 Really, really low budget super villain.
 (humming)
 He's dressed in rags.
 Now not like Tom Sawyer rags,
 like jeans that are a little roughed up
 and he's patches, no.
 He's wearing a rag over his head.
 And then he's wearing like a rag jacket.
 Just rags and then rag gloves.
 And then like he's just, he's just a big old rag.
 It's hard to describe.
 It looks like somebody threw a bunch of dirty rags
 out of a window and they just landed on someone.
 You really have to look at a picture of them
 and it's kind of hard to do a podcast
 where you talk about pictures.
 There's more to the narrative than just what he looks like.
 But he looks like a villain.
 He looks like a henchman in like some '80s cartoon
 or something like that.
 He just looks like a villain.
 He looks like a terrible person to hang out with.
 There's nobody like singing out with a ragman, right?
 (humming)
 He has rag shoes.
 How do you even have, are those even shoes at that point?
 They're just rags wrapped around your feet.
 He's all rags all the time.
 But he has three holes cut in his mask.
 And he fours eyes in his mouth.
 Obviously, how else is he supposed to play the recorder?
 Now you may think, Jason,
 is this some creepypasta that you found?
 There's no guy walking around
 who's made of rags and chile.
 There is.
 There's actually photographs of this dude.
 And not like blurry photographs that someone took
 just a pile of rags laying on the ground.
 They're like, hey, Jason, love your show.
 Here's a pile of rags in my bathroom.
 I think it's a dude.
 He puts a recorder next to the pile of rags.
 No, this guy's been hanging out in chile
 for the longest time.
 He's there almost every day.
 And he sits there and he plays as a recorder.
 Now he does talk, but apparently
 there's no audio footage of him talking.
 But he does speak to people.
 Usually when dogs show up, he hisses at him.
 He doesn't like dogs.
 The dogs run away.
 He does that.
 And sometimes he'll just walk around following people.
 Very, very unsettling man to be followed by.
 Anyone playing a recorder, obviously,
 has some sort of mental issues.
 Then he's also all dressed in rags,
 so it makes it even creepier.
 And sometimes he just isn't playing music.
 He'll just stand on the street corner
 staring into space.
 Now it's interesting because he's real.
 This is a real guy there's photos of.
 He'd be similar to the cat man of Grenok.
 It's like kind of a local legend, but he's real.
 It'd be similar to Aki in Britain,
 who was climbing on top of muscle people.
 You're like, what?
 That's so only bizarre out of context.
 I'll put those in the show notes.
 But just kind of weird local people.
 So of course people make up origin stories for this guy.
 'Cause even though he talks,
 he doesn't really explain things.
 So some people say that it's a fictional character.
 Not that he doesn't exist.
 You're like, damn Jason, no, no, no, no.
 Not that he doesn't exist,
 but it's a gimmick the homeless people have come up with.
 Some people say it's a homeless,
 it's like a group of homeless people
 who are switching.
 'Cause he's not playing the recorder good.
 Let's just get that out of the way.
 Don't go down there if you wanna hear a concert.
 He sucks at it.
 He's playing a children's instrument.
 Sorry, professional recorder players,
 but it's a children's instrument.
 It's made of plastic, okay?
 I don't even know if there are professional recorder players,
 but I'm sure there is one.
 At least one, this guy, this guy.
 So they think it may be different hobos in disguise.
 Hey, Larry, let me wear the rags today.
 What?
 No, these rags, these are my rags.
 You go get your own rags.
 They're free.
 I mean, they're just rags.
 You don't need any special rags.
 Some people say that's a that.
 Some people say it's a guy who's hideously deformed.
 And what better way to take attention away from your deformity
 than to cover yourself in filthy rags, right?
 Just wear a business suit.
 And everyone will be like, hey, you look really good
 'cause you're wearing a business suit.
 Some people say it's just a street artist
 looking for some street cred.
 It's like a Banksy, but smellier
 and playing a recorder.
 But there are other origin stories involving him.
 This is the most colorful one a long time ago.
 No, not like Asian times.
 This guy's in some sort of
 vengeful recorder spirit.
 He's like, call my instrument a child's thing, will you?
 I'll last a thousand years on the streets of Chile.
 No, a long time ago, you know, 30 years ago,
 there was a man, we'll call him Johnny Rags.
 Johnny Rags had two beautiful children,
 a little boy and a little girl.
 And then one day, Johnny Rags was just working
 at the Rags Factory, he fell in with Vatterags.
 He's like, no, that'd be a better story.
 He's working at the Rags Factory
 and his daughter is murdered.
 Ah!
 And he just can't console himself.
 He's like, oh no, and the son's like,
 sorry, daddy, he's like, I don't like you as much.
 My daughter was my favorite.
 So in his rage and misery, I'm reading this quote here.
 In his rage and misery, he set his house on fire
 with him and his son inside.
 I told you, I didn't like the son, I told you.
 He's like, oh, I wish my daughter was here.
 He sets the fire with him and his son inside.
 It says, for some reason, he was the only survivor.
 So now he roams the streets, playing the flute
 his daughter used to own.
 So, I mean, to be fair, I didn't look up
 structure fires in that city in Chile from 1972 to 2012.
 I didn't verify that.
 I'm sure some houses burned down
 and I'm sure people were burnt up in them.
 And people go, you're like this
 and you just crackin' all these jokes
 and you're saying now it might be true.
 I'm sure that chain of events happened,
 but we don't know if this guy is actually that.
 I, we don't know.
 It's probably not true.
 Now, to be fair, they do say that the recorder
 is a popular instrument in Chile for kids to play
 and also in America.
 It's possible, but again, there's no verification
 for that, that really sounds so overly dramatic.
 First off, he'd be in jail, right?
 You can't set your house on fire
 'cause you're boohoo-hooin' it
 and you kill your son and then you get horribly burned.
 Actually, he doesn't even say that in there.
 It just says he set the house on fire
 with him and his son inside
 and then he was the only survivor.
 Did his just clothes get burned?
 And he's like, ooh, slightly singed pants.
 I'm gonna become a crazy homeless person
 whereas the implication he got horribly burned.
 But anyways, he'd be in jail.
 He'd be in jail for that.
 So I think that's made up.
 The guy's real, but I think we see so often on this show
 they'll have a real phenomenon
 and then people make up a backstory for it.
 I like the suggestion that the hobos
 are using this as a gimmick and they're alternating it
 'cause that's pretty snazzy, right?
 They just have one suit of rags.
 Do you know how smelly that would be?
 Multiple hobos wearing the same clothes?
 That's the, I think that's the most likely scenario.
 But you, if you live in Chile, you are allowed to,
 you are allowed, I'm giving you permission,
 find this guy.
 He's still doing it apparently.
 I don't know if he's doing it this minute,
 but when I researched this story a couple months ago,
 he was still out there playing the recorder.
 So if you're ever in Chile and you hear the sound
 of a recorder and you look around
 and there's no kids to be found, keep looking,
 keep looking.
 If anyone asks, say I'm looking for kids,
 I'm looking for kids and they're like, what?
 You lunatic?
 But if you don't find any kids,
 you might run into a man wearing rags.
 And if so, just ask him, did you murder your son?
 And he'll either, either beat you to death
 or dude, what if he bites you?
 You're like, no, no.
 And then you, your skin becomes rags.
 And then he gives you a recorder too.
 He has a brand new one he bought from Walmart.
 You're like, aw man.
 And then you have to stand on the street going to go,
 and then he makes you find your own corner
 'cause that's his city.
 He gets that money.
 Don't get bit by the rag man of Chile.
 Reese's Pieces is like, I wasn't even playing on going there
 to get bitten by the rag man of Chile.
 Reese's Pieces, I'm gonna toss you the keys
 to the Carbenter copter.
 We're leaving behind this town.
 We've lost a couple of loyal DeRabbit listeners.
 They've never had people
 we're not letting back on the copter.
 They're like, oh, oh, trying to grab on.
 Take up, go, go, go, go.
 Get the Carbenter copter out of here.
 We are leaving behind our loyal listeners.
 But by the time we make it to our new destination,
 they're cured and I sent them tickets.
 They can just fly coach on an airplane.
 They've come to join us.
 I'm not gonna leave no rag left behind,
 but you can fly with me.
 You can't fly with me.
 We're now in Williamsport, Pennsylvania.
 It's June 22nd, 1972.
 Land that Carbenter copter.
 We're in, we're on a mountain top.
 So apparently there's a mountain top
 on the outskirts of Williamsport,
 and there lives a family of four.
 You got a mom and a dad and two boys.
 The youngest kid, we're gonna call him Billy.
 He's the narrator of this story.
 He's sitting there, it's 1972,
 so he's probably playing with Howdy Doody
 or something stupid.
 And his older brother, Nick,
 is outside with the shotgun.
 I got one, dad, Nick says.
 Two more for the kitchen.
 What's going on in there?
 Nick is out there, this is dope.
 I wish I could do this.
 Nick is out there with the shotgun, shooting bats, dude.
 You know how hard it would be to shoot a bat?
 Like those dudes must be hell of a hard to hit
 'cause their wings are so tiny.
 Plus they suck your blood and turn into Dracula.
 You'd have to use wooden bullets.
 Like it'd be an adventure to have to go out.
 And to be fair, I don't think they were eating them.
 I don't know where the two for the kitchen came from.
 They're not hillbillies.
 They live on a mountain top, so they're mountain billies.
 But he's shooting bats.
 And then the family goes,
 "Is he going to make us eat bats again?"
 That lunatic, what's he thinking?
 We don't eat bats, he keeps saying,
 "Two more for the kitchen."
 We have food, we have a Kroger nearby.
 We go to the supermarket.
 Then they hear Nick scream, he'd for help.
 Ah, ah, guys, get out here, get out here.
 They thank Dracula, let's come back.
 The family runs outside and they see Nick
 standing there with the shotgun and they see
 (imitates gun firing)
 a cigar-shaped object flying through the clouds.
 Now it's moving very slow for a UFO.
 They estimate it's between five to 10 miles per hour.
 It's 30 to 40 feet long, but only eight feet in diameter.
 And, you know, they just kind of go,
 kind of shrug their shoulders.
 Like that was weird, right?
 Now they are all heavily armed.
 At any point they probably could have went out there,
 but I think the dad was probably like,
 "Now kids, this probably won't be a good idea.
 "It's probably some sort of extraterrestrial intelligence.
 "Let's not go out there.
 "Let's just, let's not.
 "Let's pick up these bats and feed them to the dog."
 And Nick's like, "Oh man, a couple days later,
 "dad goes to use the outhouse."
 Now, I originally said they weren't ill-billies,
 but they do have an outhouse.
 Their toilet is not built into their house.
 So he's walking out there with a newspaper
 and an old corn cob to wipe his butt.
 He's walking out to the outhouse.
 And then he walks back in.
 And everyone's like, "That's weird.
 "Dad usually takes way longer to defecate
 "in the outhouse."
 He's normally reading the paper.
 He walks back in and he goes, "Nick, grab your shotgun."
 Nick's like, "What?
 "We're gonna get more bats?"
 Nick grabs the shotgun.
 Dad walks over and he grabs a 50 caliber flintlock rifle.
 He's like, "Let's go."
 They walk outside.
 Now at this point, the mother,
 who I assume is armed with like dual pistols,
 and then the little brother Billy,
 they walk out on the porch as well.
 And as the dad and Nick are standing there,
 in the woods, about 100 yards away, there's a forest.
 They're looking into the forest
 and they see hundreds of sets
 of glowing green eyes staring back at them.
 Now, no shots are fired.
 They just watch these eyes from 100 yards away.
 There's no movement on that side as well.
 The family fitfully sleeps that night.
 Next night, dad is watching a little bit of television.
 Brand new episode of MASH.
 He doesn't know what's gonna happen.
 It is not in reruns in 1972.
 He's watching MASH.
 His rest of his family's asleep.
 And then he goes, "Oh man,
 "you know what I really have to do right now?
 "I have to go use that outhouse I did to use it yesterday.
 "It was all the green eyes, but I gotta use it now."
 So he gets up, he can't pause it.
 He actually has to get up during a commercial break.
 That's how it was when I was a kid.
 You don't know if you're gonna be able
 to poop quick enough to come back
 and watch the rest of the MASH.
 He walks outside and then the family is woken up
 by him yelling, "Get the guns, get the guns!"
 So Nick runs, grabs his shotgun.
 The rest of the family comes out.
 The mom gets her rocket launcher.
 They come out onto the porch 50 yards away from the house.
 There's a little grove of peach trees, a little shed.
 There's a stone wall closer to the house.
 So they're looking over this stone wall
 to see this grove of peach trees, to see this shed.
 But what they see standing in the peach trees
 is three sets of glowing eyes.
 Now these eyes are actually bigger
 than the ones they saw before.
 And they're not bigger 'cause they're closer.
 They're actually physically bigger.
 They could tell that even in the distance,
 those were small creatures, whatever they were.
 It's a very big creature.
 There's only three of them now.
 And they said the eyes are all sitting
 about three feet off of the ground.
 And they're watching these eyes.
 They're watching back.
 Now at this point, dad's like, "Listen, okay,
 "the last time was kind of spooky
 "that we should have done something with the cigar shape.
 "I.E. we should have moved out of the area."
 But he wants to know what these things are.
 So he actually goes around the wall
 and he gets to his pickup truck.
 He drives his truck towards the peach grove.
 Now his intent isn't to run him over.
 His intent is to see what they are.
 So he turns on his high beams
 and you still can't see anything.
 You can see the eyes,
 but he can't make out what these figures are.
 Nick's ready with his shotgun.
 He's standing by the stone wall with his shotgun.
 Billy and the mom are still on the patio.
 And the dad gets out of the truck,
 has his 50 caliber flintlock rifle
 and begins walking towards the eyes.
 And at that point, the mother screams, "Don't.
 "Stop where you are.
 "Don't get near him."
 The dad looks over at the mom.
 He nods.
 Mother knows best, right?
 That's what the show is, right?
 Mother knows best.
 He looks at her.
 He nods.
 And then he aims, takes it with his rifle
 and opens fire on these eyes.
 (imitates gun firing)
 Without any order needed,
 Nick also begins just letting loose
 with his shotgun from over the stone wall.
 (imitates gun firing)
 Shooting at these eyes.
 They're hitting these three sets of eyes
 from two different angles.
 The eyes don't move.
 They just continue to stare from the darkness.
 At some point, the family, I don't know,
 runs out of ammo or they just get bored
 where the commercial breaks over on MASH.
 The eyes don't give,
 but they eventually just kind of pack it up
 and they go, "Well, let's go inside."
 That's an interesting point,
 because on one hand you would think,
 would you stay out there all night looking to the eyes
 or at a certain point, would you go back inside?
 'Cause if you get cold or bored
 or you think maybe I'm just seeing something,
 like you would think the eyes would disappear first,
 but there's no note in the story
 like they shot him and the eyes vanished.
 The eyes were still there.
 They do end up back inside the house.
 The next night, it's not time to use the outhouse.
 I'm sure at this point, dad is pooping during the day,
 but he does look out the window and the eyes are back.
 This time there's three sets of eyes
 and they're three feet off of the top of the stone wall.
 They're now maybe 15 yards from the house.
 Dad and son, they probably have their guns,
 they're ready, they probably didn't even put them away
 from the night before.
 They grab their weapons, they step out on the porch,
 they just begin unloading into these eyes,
 these unmoving sets of eyes that are standing
 on top of this stone wall.
 The dad actually walks up and places the rifle
 right between the eyes and pulls the trigger.
 The eyes don't move, but they never returned after that night.
 After they emptied all their ammo into these things,
 after these point blank shots,
 the eyes never got closer to the house.
 I got that story from thinkaboutadox.com.
 They got it from New Fork,
 which is the National UFO Reporting Center.
 It's an interesting story because you have humans
 engaged in a firefight with eyes.
 And not just eyes, not just eyes
 that are rolling around on the ground eyeballs,
 but with alien or so.
 The fact that we see the UFO in the beginning
 makes us think these are aliens.
 The fact that they're three feet off the ground
 makes you think it's some sort of gray alien.
 As I was telling the story and reading the story,
 I imagine them as the typical big teardrop eyes
 that gray aliens have, but glowing.
 There's a lot of interesting stuff
 that we can really dissect with this one.
 What happened to the hundreds of eyes in the forest?
 What was that?
 And then of course we have the skeptical thing too.
 I gotta throw this in there,
 that it was not the story was made up,
 but that they were seeing some sort of phenomenon.
 The guy is shooting at a bunch of fireflies
 that are floating around and they all happen to form,
 they form a fist and they're shaking, it's fisting them.
 You know, it could have been a natural phenomenon
 and that would explain why the bullets
 were having no effect on them.
 That's why they weren't changing
 when they're being fired upon
 'cause it's just this natural event.
 But looking at it from a paranormal event,
 you know, I do like to put the skeptical answers
 in here as well.
 Looking at paranormal event,
 why were there hundreds of eyes to begin with
 and then just the three?
 What happened to those other sets of eyes?
 Did they go out to investigate other homes in the area?
 Why did the aliens only get so close to the house
 and retreat and they were never seen again?
 Did they eventually, was it that they weren't seen again?
 It was that the next time they were looking out their windows
 and they go, we haven't seen those eyes in a couple days.
 But they don't realize these creatures are in the house
 underneath the stairs, underneath the bed.
 They're basically the boogeyman.
 Every alien just wants to come down
 and be the boogeyman in your house.
 Grab your ankles as you're walking down this stairs
 in your basement.
 But I think it's a fascinating story
 because it gives us an insight to something.
 We'll wrap it up like this.
 All that dad really wanted to do was protect his family
 and protect his land.
 This was a place that him and his family called their own.
 Should be a safe spot.
 And when this intruder shows up,
 they do what you would do to protect your place.
 You attack them.
 But the bullets had no effect.
 These aliens were completely undaunted.
 Really, the fact that they were getting shot at
 didn't affect them.
 They simply got closer and closer and closer.
 They didn't care.
 All these weapons that we used to shoot bats
 and dogs and bear, I don't know who's shooting a dog,
 but these weapons that are used to kill animals and men
 had no effect on these creatures.
 And as I finished that story,
 I kind of sat back and thought,
 this could be a parallel to what humanity is facing.
 This family in Pennsylvania saw a phenomenon
 that was sets of glowing eyes staring at them
 from the darkness of the forest.
 But humanity may soon experience a different phenomenon.
 We may see the lights of a thousand starships
 staring back at us from deep space.
 And as the governments of the world
 try to figure out a way to protect us,
 to protect this planet,
 they'll turn to the one thing humans know best,
 weapons.
 And as we stand there and watch the world's militaries
 fire their missiles,
 watch these advanced weapon platforms shoot out of silos
 across the planet and streak through the night sky
 towards the alien invaders.
 Will we see them impact these starships
 and tear through them and fire and flame?
 Or will all of our weapons be as useless
 as an old man's rifle and his son's shotgun?
 When the aliens show up, do we stand a chance?
 That's a question we won't know
 until it's too late to change the answer.
 DeadRabberRadio@gmail.com is gonna be our email address.
 You can also hit us up at facebook.com/deadrabberadio.
 Twitter is @deadrabberadio.
 DeadRabberRadio is the daily
 paranormal conspiracy and true crime podcast.
 You don't have to listen to it every day.
 Glad you listened to it today.
 Have a great one guys.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
