 Infuse your life with color with plants from Proven Winners. With hundreds of
 annuals, perennials and shrubs in striking colors and bold patterns, you'll
 find the perfect assortment to match your unique style. I know I can count on them
 to flourish in my garden since they've been tested for years. Grow color, grow
 success, grow Proven Winners. Find them in their white branded containers at your
 local garden center. Proven Winners, the brand gardeners trust.
 Is there a way to give a woman an instant orgasm? Then we take a brief look at a
 political scandal that rocked South Korea and the ramifications it has for
 conspiracy theorists today, and then we end with a trip into the ocean. Or
 octopuses, actually from outer space. Scientists think they might be. Today on
 Dead Rabbit Radio.
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio. I'm your
 host Jason Carpenter. I'm having a great day. I hope you're having a great day too,
 but am I having a great day? That's always the question. I'd say 99.9% of the time I
 am, but right now my most hated enemy has returned to this planet. Some people call
 it... I guess everyone calls it snow. Don't they say there's like 27... like
 Eskimos have 27 different words for snow, but I couldn't think of one extra word.
 Snow?
 Anyways, it's falling. It looks like it's going to be pretty slushy, so I'm not too
 worried about it. But anyways, let's go ahead and get started with the episode.
 Now, this first story we're going to look at is from that magical year of 2004. Yes,
 we're delving back into the new news folder, but this particular article is
 still happening today. Very, very interesting thing. Probably more
 interesting if you're a woman, and equally interesting if you're a man who likes
 watching women have orgasms. Just that was a weird way to put it. But anyway, so
 back in 2004 there was a doctor named Dr. Stuart Malloy. Now, he was a... like...
 so he was a pain specialist, and one of the things he used to treat pain was they
 would put electrodes in your back and you just eat, eat, you wouldn't make the
 noise, it would actually like electrocute you. Generally, most of the time that he
 did this, your back pain would go away. You're like, "Hey, thanks Doc. Take off."
 Back pain would be good for a bit. Little electrotherapy. But one time this woman
 was having a particular pain and a particular point in her spine, so he
 puts the electrodes in, turns it on, tell me when you feel something...
 and the woman starts hyperventilating. Maybe it wasn't that exaggerated, and I
 can't think you guys want to hear me simulate a woman's orgasm, but... or maybe you do.
 But anyway, so he's turning on the... he's upping the amputage or the voltage, whatever it is.
 He probably should know because he's ejecting into a woman's body.
 Sounds like a dying duck. But anyways, she starts hyperventilating, making all these
 noises, and the doctor's like, "Whoa, whoa, whoa, what's that?" He shuts it off, and he's like,
 "Are you okay?" And her response is, "Quote, you're gonna have to teach my husband how to do that."
 Because she straight up started having an orgasm, just like out of the blue. You're sitting in a
 doctor's office, one of the least sexy places, unless you have a fetish for that thing.
 She starts having an orgasm. What he realized was that at that point in the spine, if you put
 these electrodes in there, and you turn it on, for a woman, at least, you'll have an orgasm. Now,
 obviously, like you could imagine the doctor standing there and like little money signs,
 little dollar signs appearing in his eyeballs. He's like, "Djing!" He actually heard the sound
 effect. That was real. That was in the article. I heard a sound effect, and my eyes turned to
 two dollar signs. Because immediately he's like, "I'm sitting on a million dollars here with this
 piece of technology, with this piece of information. If I can go around and start giving women insin
 orgasms." Because women, this shouldn't come as a shock to most of you unless you live your life
 watching pornography. Women can have a harder time reaching climax than a man. A man can get his,
 you know, ding dong stuck in a donut. He's fine. Like any sort of friction. He's like, "Oh, this feels
 pleasurable." But for women, it can be a little more complicated. However, you can't start marketing
 a device that shoots electricity into people's bodies and just be like, "Ah, to help you get off."
 He had to package it as a medical device. And I can't believe I used the word ding dong. But
 anyways, so he had to package it as a medical device. And so he was marketing it towards women
 who couldn't have orgasms, either through some sort of injury or some sort of psychological issue.
 Women who can't have orgasms. This device will help you do that. It is a medical device. And
 he's tested it on women who have kind of fit that pattern where, you know, they just can't have,
 they've never had an orgasm or they physically or mentally can't have an orgasm because of some
 incident. So he does this like a small study. And I believe there was like 11 women involved. And 10
 of them had orgasms using that machine. And one of the women was sad when the study ended, because
 she's like, "Oh, I can't have orgasms. Normally, I really want this machine." Now it's controlled.
 You put the electrodes in your back and it's controlled by a remote control. And I'll tell
 you right now, do not lose that remote control because if someone else gets a hold of that thing,
 you're going to have a really fun but very, very sore afternoon. So you make sure like you,
 you'd have to keep that like on your key chain. And you're like, "Where's my car?" And you're trying
 to turn it on. You're like, "Ugh, in the parking lot." Which would be quite interesting to see.
 The problem is there are two problems. One, the device, because you have to have
 it implanted, you have to have the little electrode things plugged in your spine,
 that procedure costs $17,000. And the doctor's like, "Oh, I have no doubt in my mind that women
 will pay $17,000 to be able to give themselves instant orgasms with this machine." But the bigger
 problem is that we're in the year 2014 now. So 10 years later, he's still trying to get this
 made as a medical device. He has to do a full trial for the FDA. And to do that, you need a ton of
 people and you need a bunch of researchers and you need like, you need to buy like a thousand
 lab coats because I'm sure they're going to get dirty at some point. And the FDA required like
 for this study, the cost is $6 million to be able to run a full study so that the FDA can look at
 all your results and say, "Yeah, this works." And he can't, he's trying to raise the money, he can't.
 As of 2014, he wasn't able to raise the money. And that was kind of the latest information I'd seen
 on this. So if you happen to have $6 million sent around, don't know what to do with it, and you're
 like, "You know what, I have all this money, but zero orgasms. I'd rather have all these orgasms
 and zero money. You can donate it to this guy, get a little, you know, get the full trial run,
 make sure it's totally healthy, FDA stamps it. You'll be the first one with two little electrodes
 in your back and a little remote control in your hand. You're just walking down the street.
 That would be so weird. You're like sitting on the bus and you're just, you know, reading your book
 and you hear like a, because you'd have to learn how to stifle the vocals, but you hear like a,
 "Ugh." And you look over and you see a woman just completely tensed up and then go completely
 noodle, just completely relaxed. She's just sitting on the bus. You'd be like, "What?" And you'd start
 seeing that through the other day. You'd be at the office, you'd be a seat watching the secretary
 sitting there. She's talking and all of a sudden, "Huh?" And then just go noodle everywhere. Brave new
 world, my friends. Brave new world. So our next story is a request from two different listeners.
 We have on YouTube a Caesar Pizza 133 and then through email we have Jeremy. So both recommended
 this story. Now, the story itself is a corruption story and it's quite by the book, but when we look
 at the details and the ramifications going forward, it actually is a win for conspiracy theorists
 and I'm surprised they don't bring this up more often. So we're going to South Korea. We are going
 to take, we're not, we, the Dead Rabbit Durgeable, we'll leave that for a while, but let's go ahead
 and hop into the carpenter copter. I have a special buffer. I have like a special EMP around it, so
 your orgasm remote controls won't work. So I don't have to worry about you going all noodley in the
 back. Anyways, so we're going the long way, so don't fly over North Korea. We will be going there for
 future episodes, but laying, we get out South Korea. A little too close to the DMZ. We did catch some
 fire, but it's okay. It's okay. North Koreans missed us. I think they were just, I think they were
 just trying to get some attention, but so now we're in South Korea and the year is 2016. And this
 whole story broke on something super mundane. There's a private college, very, very wealthy
 kids are going there, and it's very competitive. And the other kids are telling their parents,
 "This girl, she never shows up, ever shows up to any of the lessons. She always passes. It's not
 fair. It's not fair." And so people using their, this went on for a while and people using their
 connections for like, "You know, you might want to look into this because we know that girl knows
 that her mother is a pretty important person. There might be something kind of corruption
 thing going on here." So reporters started looking into this daughter who attends this college,
 and they did find out that things were not on the up and up. Now, the daughter's mother is a woman
 named Choi Soon-sil, and she is the daughter herself, because that's how families work,
 of a cult leader. This cult was known as the Church of Eternal Life, very, very popular in South
 Korea, but still a cult. They weren't like this mainstream thing. It was a mix of Christianity,
 Buddhism, and Shamaism. So they believed a lot in the spiritual world, contacting the dead,
 things like that. So they're thinking, "Okay, maybe the cult's pulling some ties. Maybe
 they're talking to the college president." Because even powerful people, they want their kids to
 learn. They're not going to go that far off the reservation where they're like, "Oh, yeah, no,
 I don't care if my kid doesn't even show up. Just make sure they all get A's." So reporters are
 looking into this, and then they discover something deeply troubling. Choi Soon-sil
 is controlling elements of the leadership of the college through the president of South Korea.
 The president of South Korea at that time was Park Goon Hee, actually the first female president in
 South Korea history. Her father was previously president, and her mother was killed in an assassination
 attempt against her father. And then a few years later, her father was assassinated, successfully
 assassinated. So Park, I'll just call her Park, sorry, I don't know how to pronounce the other
 name, but Park is a total orphan at this point. Now she's a young kid at this point when her
 parents are killed, and she has no one. She was friends with the daughter of the cult, and she's
 just kind of brought into it. And over the years, they kind of orchestrated her return to power.
 Knowing full well that when she became president, they would rule the country. At this point,
 where we're at in 2016, Choi Soon-sil runs the cult. Her father has passed away as well. So you
 have Choi Soon-sil, and then you have Park as president, and together they pretty much ran the
 country. This was all discovered because her daughter wasn't attending classes. And when the news got
 out, massive protests. Protests of over one million people. It just was this insane thing. You have
 this president who was being controlled by the, she wasn't like a Jonestown level cult, but it would
 be the equivalent of say, a weirdo street preacher who just happens to have a bunch of followers.
 Like it wasn't an acceptable version of religion in South Korea. It was still a cult. And the
 South Korean people felt betrayed by the president, and they felt tricked by this cult leader.
 She was considered, Choi Soon-sil was considered a modern day Rasputin, the way she just kind of
 pulled strings. I remember reading one report that one time the president went up, President Park,
 went up to give a speech, and the reporters are like, why is she wearing those clothes? She looks
 kind of dumpy in that outfit. Like that's kind of a weird outfit for a president to wear doing
 a speech. Now she wasn't dressed in like rags. She was in a hobo with a spindle, you know,
 smoking a big corn cob pipe, but it was out of character for her and it was out of character
 for someone of that stature. The rumor was, was that she was being punished. And Choi Soon-sil
 said, you know what, you're not doing what we said or you're being disrespectful. Where are these
 hobo clothes? Where are these poor people clothes? These non-designer clothes the next time you give
 a speech. She was under that level of control from the cult. The cult's gone by the names also was
 Eight Goddesses. That's really Eight Goddesses scandal was kind of how it was known in western
 media. It's a very evocative term. But the end result was, protests happened, Choi gets sentenced
 to 20 years in prison for corruption, Park, the president gets sentenced to 24 years for corruption,
 and Choi Soon-sil had to pay $17 million in fines because she had all the money from her cult.
 Now, fairly basic corruption story with simply an added element of a shaman and a cult and this
 religious belief system and things like that. On its face, you're like, okay, you know, I've heard
 of politicians being corrupt. I've heard of people being bribed and things like that. So this one just
 has kind of an added supernatural element to it. But the reason why I think this is important
 as a story is that it's a conspiracy that is true. We can take that and this is why I'm surprised
 it's not bigger news in the West. You have that and it's provable. And so why don't more conspiracy
 theorists say, well, look at this happened in South Korea and we know it was happening. So who's to
 say that the same thing isn't happening here with this other group? Like it's a anytime you can find
 an actual provable conspiracy theory, especially something along these lines where it is a
 religious cult controlling the highest person in the country. Why isn't it used more in Western
 culture and Western conspiracy culture? This is my theory. It's too mundane. Western conspiracy
 culture and I don't want to go off on a rant here, but Western conspiracy culture has really gotten
 super bizarre recently. I think it's too mundane for them. They don't want to have one group controlling
 one person because they can take this evidence and go, hey, look at here we have this cult that
 was controlling the president. So maybe this cult was controlling Obama, but they don't want that.
 They want this huge overarching conspiracy where the Queen of England, George Soros, and Obama,
 and Hillary Clinton, and all these Katy Perry, is it in on it somehow? Katy Perry and Kevin Spacey
 are at the same level of Barack Obama and George Soros in this weird mind of theirs.
 It's this huge net that comes around the world. And so it's too ridiculous. If you want to tell a
 good conspiracy theory, you keep it simple. To say that Henry Kissinger and Rihanna have meetings
 and they're like, you know what we need to do? We need to push more sexy young women on the people
 of the world. It doesn't make any sense. Petto would and the Hollywood elite and the reptilians
 and the demons and stuff like that. It's way too unwieldy. And they all end up like that. The reason
 why it gets so weird like that and so big, because it's mostly made up. It's mythology. It's really
 conspiracy theory is modern-day mythology. And just like myths of old, everyone kind of picks
 and chooses what they want and they deform the story and turn it into their vision. And then
 they put it out there and someone picks and chooses from what they want and it builds this
 mythology. Reality, I love a good myth and I love a great story, but reality like this story right
 here is more interesting because it happened. And that was it. And it's super bizarre that this
 doesn't get brought up more in conspiracy theory circles. Approvable conspiracy theory,
 the most powerful person in the country was under the thrall of a cult leader who believed
 she could talk to the dead. Dude, that should be a conspiracy theorist's wet dream. They wouldn't
 need the orgasmatron if they listened to this one. Okay, let's go ahead and move on to our last
 story. Out in the darkness of space, a planet explodes. Except there's no noise in space.
 So you just see a bunch of rocks fly away. I guess if you were on the planet when it exploded,
 it would be quite loud. And there's a frozen chunk of it, creaning through the darkness.
 Flying, who knows where, but we know where. Because millions of years later, this giant,
 frozen block of an alien planet crashes into Earth's oceans.
 All the single celled organisms are like, "What the hell was that? Oh no, we're evolving!
 I'm a dog! Hey, look at me, I'm a cat!" That's a little bit of a overview of it.
 Simplification, but what we're doing right now is we're looking at the conspiracy theory.
 It's a conspiracy theory that some scientists agree with,
 and others don't. And it's interesting because it's kind of set up on different levels.
 This one was actually requested on YouTube by Waffenbeer. If you wanted me to cover this one.
 So where life came from on Earth, what we can do is we can look back to the Cambian era,
 where we saw this massive explosion in advanced life. And most of the modern species that are here
 today, we can trace back to the Cambian era. Before that, it was just a bunch of little amoebas
 like dancing around on the planet, having a good time. It was like the movie Flubber,
 but it was just all just goo, goo hanging out. And at some point, something happened that
 caused life to just explode. Now, an idea of that is this thing called panspermia,
 which I think that's how you pronounce it, where life is seeded from other planets that somehow
 something came from another planet and helped advance life here. That's not super, the panspermia
 thing is a bit, I'm pretty sure I'm mispronouncing that, but the panspermia thing is kind of debatable,
 but science goes there was this big explosion of life at this certain point of time. Now,
 Waffenbeer, who suggested this, is looking at an actual article written by 33 science in particular,
 this was quite recently wrote this, they're saying yes. Oh, Cambrian, not Cambian, but anyways,
 the Cambrian explosion happened, that's all fine. But when we look at the octopus, when we look in
 its big eyes, I think it has two of them, and it's not Squirt and Eacadus, we're like, look out,
 there are lab coats are all covered in black now, but why don't they wear black lab coats,
 or like red lab coats or something like that and Star Trek, the doctors wear red,
 not their uniforms, but their medical, never mind, never mind. So anyways, the these 33 scientists
 recently released a report and it was in the progress in biophysics and molecular biology
 journal, peer reviewed article, by the way, saying that they had a different theory when it comes to
 the octopus. Well, I thought the polar ruler of octopus was octopi, but anyways, when you look at
 the octopus, you go, it has a bunch of evolutionary advantages that it's previous that nothing had
 previous to that, they had the ability to camouflage and change shape almost instantly to hide themselves.
 It was a brand new evolutionary advantage, large brains, also a huge advantage that was not seen
 previous to the octopus, sophisticated nervous system, camera like eyes, which I don't really
 know what that means, but I'm assuming it's some sort of eye that's just more advanced,
 rather than your lame-o eyes over there, dude, the octopus is looking at the squid and being like,
 dancing, dancing so fast, the squid's like, I don't know what's seeing what I'm looking at,
 I don't have camera like eyes, little GoPro eyes. So this is the theory that was put forth by these
 scientists in this journal. So what their idea is this, because the octopus showed up after the
 Cambrian explosion, according to these guys. So their theory is this, that a chunk from another
 planet was frozen with octopus eggs, that they are literally an alien species on this planet,
 they did not evolve on earth. And this chunk of octopus eggs crashed into the ocean and they
 hatched, and that's where the octopus comes from. Now, obviously there's debate about that. The
 interesting thing is the, the infer, like the debates I've seen, at least in the articles that I
 read, aren't the best. When the scientists who wrote the report, they said, you know, the,
 there's a huge, the octopus genome is very, very complex. And 33, this is weird, 33 shown up a
 lot in here. Ooh, conspiracy. Maybe the octopi are the Illuminati, the Illuma, the, the Illuma Inky,
 maybe. There was a long pause there. If I edited that down, I had to think about that one for a while.
 Octopus genome is very complex, was over 33,000 protein coding genes, which is more than is
 present in a, in a human. And a lot of the articles that are like, you know, like the debunking articles,
 they're like, you know, they say that it's complex, but you know, we've decoded the genome, so it
 can't be alien. But I'm thinking, why couldn't you decode an alien genome? Like, and every article
 that was debunking it kind of have that same phrase. And they're admitting, hey, we know what
 the genome is of this alien octopus. There's no argument about that. They're just saying it's
 more complex than human. And the pushback is like, what? We've decoded it. And they don't really go
 into detail. The, one of the best debunking articles I read said that if an octopus from
 another planet came here, it wouldn't be able to evolve from the squid unless there were also
 squids on the alien planet. So whether or not it was straight up like eggs coming in on the comet
 or asteroid, or that whatever came down somehow mutated existing squids, the pushback to that was
 you would have to have a squid on another planet, like the, like a descendant of a squid on another
 planet for it to be able to mutate or breed with the squids down here. That's fair. That's
 a fair pushback. But again, that's really not what the scientists are saying. They're straight
 up saying octopus eggs came from another planet. Now, I know this is getting messy because I keep
 going back and forth, but you know, they did this journal, it was an appear review journal.
 And so that gives them a bit of credibility. However, I can start a journal with my, I don't
 know the pedigree of the progress in biophysics and molecular biology journal. We'll assume it's
 decent. Oh, and another pushback was like, there was no zoologist in the 33 scientists. So we should
 just throw out the whole study. It's really bizarre that the disagreements with this paper are pretty,
 at least the ones that are being quoted in news articles are pretty weak, actually.
 What if what started the Cambrian explosion was panspermia? Was rocks of life flying from other
 planets to come here? But it was just like, I don't know, gene juice. It was just like little
 bits and pieces of alien dudes. Like they got blown up, their skin fell everywhere, and then
 their skin fall. I guess I should let you guys know now. I don't know what I'm talking about.
 So let's skip that part. Here's the thing. This is my pushback to this. The fact that an alien
 egg could be frozen on an asteroid and crashed on Earth, I really don't have any problem with
 that. I could see that happening. It would be one in a million that it would survive. I could be
 frozen at the right temperature and wouldn't melt too close as it got close to any sun as it was
 flying around and then crashing the water and survived the impact and all this stuff. But one
 in a million chances in a universe that's infinite and time that's infinite is going to happen.
 I would think it was weird that an alien, let's say the Cambrian life explosion was going on,
 and you started to have all these sea creatures evolve and land creatures evolve,
 and a creature shows up that is not only slightly related to other creatures that are currently there,
 but, dude, wait a second. Oh man, I just thought of something. This isn't in the article, so you'll
 have to forgive me if I go off the "science stock" for a second. What if it's true? What if it is an
 octopus is an alien life form? But it wasn't by chance that they look like they're like related to
 a squid. What if it's by choice? What if it's by some sort of design? Like what came down was the
 matrix for some sort of life form, and it took the makeup of an existing creature in its environment,
 one of the best ones, which would be a giant squid, and then added in its own... Basically,
 what I'm basically trying to explain is some sort of shape-shifting alien, but more like it can
 adapt its... If that comet had landed on land, we may have had a four-legged creature, like a dog
 type of thing, but with more learning capability, it could instantly camouflage, it could change its
 shape, and things like that. Like what if... I mean, that's science fiction. Let's go back to the
 article just to reaffirm it real quick. Some scientists believe that an asteroid crashed in
 the earth, and it had octopus eggs on it, so octopi are an actual alien species. But we could
 extrapolate that to say that it could have just not been an accident, where it landed determined
 what it would look like, and the advantages that it would have, because it landed in the ocean.
 Basically, I guess what I'm explaining is when an Autobot crash lands on earth,
 and they scan the nearest car, they can become that car. Because once we're in the realm of...
 Why not? Why not? What if the octopus is not an accidental hitchhiker, but an intentional
 resident? You know, the only reason why the octopus is not one of the most advanced
 species on the planet, because they're incredibly smart. They can learn things by watching people,
 and they're very, very smart. The only thing that limits them to not becoming a dominant life form
 on the planet is that they only live to be five years old. A lot of them die after mating. So if
 they lived longer, if they lived as long as a blue whale, they actually would be the dominant species
 of the ocean. And it's funny to think that there is a possibility in a world where the octopus
 lived longer, let's say 60, 70 years. I don't think humans would have control of the oceans.
 I think once we first started sailing out across the oceans, I think boats would just be disappearing
 all the time. Because that's their land, and we... It's totally inhospitable to humans. You can't
 drink the water. You'll drown in it. You gotta build something to go across it. But if... If just a
 little twist in the genome where the octopus lives as long as a human, there is a world where
 the continents are completely separated. Like other than the Bering land bridge,
 there would be nobody on the Americas. And everyone would just be where they're at. There'd be no
 international trade. Because every time you send a ship out, it would crash. And you would just be
 like, "Well, I guess there's monsters out there." And then as society did develop and we started to
 do science stuff... I mean, think about it. The Americas not being found until the invention of
 the plane is what would happen in a world where the octopus... Everything's the same. They just
 simply lived a little longer. This wouldn't be our planet. It would just... Parts of it would be.
 You'd have a totally different advanced species controlling two-thirds of the planet.
 You know, we talked about gray aliens and dolphins the other day. And there was a theory. But...
 But the idea that if octopuses just lived a little longer, they would basically... We would be the...
 We would be the ones... Dude, what if they... What if they fished for us? They'd outnumber us, probably.
 They'd control more of the world's surface. A world where octopi, eight arms are sneaking into your
 bedroom at night. "Mommy, I think there's a monster under my bed." When a kid said that, the parents
 would be like, "Oh my god, there's an octopus in here." Because you would have to believe it. Because
 octopi are constantly climbing into the surface, grabbing you, ripping your guts out. Whether or
 not the octopus is from another planet, we don't really know. Some scientists say yes, some scientists
 say no. But wherever they're from, with just a little switch, they could have been the dominant
 life form on this planet. We could have been the ones that were their food supply. They don't need...
 I mean, they can walk on land. We could have no coastal cities, no ports. Because at night, these
 eight armed creatures would come up and grab a little bite to eat. Maybe they would just do it
 for fun on the weekends. It's weird to think how the world works, like how science works,
 how those little things can make big differences. Is it possible that the octopus is actually an
 alien life form from another planet? It is possible. And I think the arguments that are being used
 against it are relatively weak, which makes me think we don't have to look to the stars to find
 alien life. The stars already came to us. DeadRabberRadio@gmail.com is going to be your email address.
 You can also go to stuff@facebook.com/deadrabberradio. Twitter is @jsonocarboner.
 DeadRabberRadio is the daily paranormal conspiracy and true crime podcast. You don't have to listen
 to it every day, but I'm glad you listened to it today. Have a great one, guys.
