 Geico asks, "How would you love a chance to save some money on insurance?"
 Of course you would!
 And when it comes to great rates on insurance, Geico can help.
 Like with insurance for your car, truck, motorcycle, boat, and RV.
 Even help with homeowners or renters coverage.
 Plus, add an easy-to-use mobile app, available 24-hour roadside assistance, and more.
 And Geico is an easy choice.
 Switch today and see all the ways you could save.
 It's easy.
 Simply go to geico.com or contact your local agent today.
 The movie "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" features a man who tries to have his
 memory erased via a sci-fi contraption.
 But you can actually do it at home!
 And then we take a look at an urban legend that has spread around all over the world.
 But the origins of it are frighteningly real.
 Today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host Jason Carpenter.
 I'm having a great day and I hope you're having a great day too.
 Don't have a lot of time to record this episode.
 I actually have to go do some grocery shopping for one of my jobs.
 Have to run out, go do grocery shopping, then run off to another job and then come back
 to this other job.
 It is the plight of someone who works three part-time jobs.
 But what are you going to do?
 And I got to put out a daily podcast so you just kind of got to bite down.
 It didn't help that I spent the last half hour listening to Kimbra songs.
 I've never really listened to her before.
 I've always thought she was pretty cute.
 She was in that Goatier song.
 And I was like, oh, she actually has some pretty good music.
 So I'm getting all that.
 I walk a lot so I need as much music as I can.
 So I was listening to a bunch of her songs and downloading them and all that.
 But anyways, so for the rest of the day I'll be listening to Kimbra and walking around
 doing grocery shopping, running errands and so on and so forth.
 But before I do all that, I've got to cover two stories for you guys.
 So the first story we're going to look at, I said in the intro, so there is that movie
 called Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind starring Jim Carrey and Kate Winslet.
 And I think Frodo was in it too.
 But I didn't like that movie.
 I wasn't a huge fan of it.
 I heard a lot of hype about it.
 It was really, I think you can almost like that movie was proto hipster movie.
 I think it kind of preceded the hipster movement.
 But I ended up watching it and I shut it off halfway through.
 I just wasn't that entertained by it.
 And I appreciate Jim Carrey's early stuff.
 And he has done anything.
 I'll see him in the Sonic movie.
 I'll watch that.
 I mean, he's a little weird in real life, but his movies are decent, good to decent
 movies.
 He hasn't made anything really terrible.
 I never saw him number 23.
 I actually should watch that because that really is kind of the conspiracy type movie
 and it's kind of what the show's about.
 But maybe I'll give it a shot.
 So it had Jim Carrey and Kate Winslet who's super hot and then Frodo Backins was in it.
 He was looking for the ring and he didn't find it in that movie, but he found it in
 another movie.
 So the concept is this.
 This guy has a horrible breakup with a girl and there's this device that allows your memory.
 I think there's a musical number in it.
 Maybe I'm getting a confused.
 There was some other hot chicken in it.
 Who's Mary Jane from Spiderman?
 She was also a cheerleader and bring it on.
 My depth of movie knowledge is what the actors have been in before.
 So I'm like, oh, it's the movie starring the mask and Rose from Titanic.
 They meet Frodo and Mary Jane Watson and they go on this crazy adventure and if you're
 mind erased, this machine allows you to erase your mind.
 One of the interesting things, the only interesting thing about the movie is that would you want
 to have memories erased?
 Would you want bad memories to be erased?
 You know, one of the weird things, I know I'm digressing here, but one of the weird things
 about like dying and going to heaven I've always felt is that you're supposed to go
 to heaven and you're a total peace and joy, but part of what's informed me, part of what's
 created me as a human is my bad memories, is the sorrow I've gone through.
 And I feel like that is baked into the cake that is Jason Carpenter.
 So can you take out the bad memories and still be the same person?
 Or would you want to take out the bad memories knowing that you wouldn't even remember the
 good stuff?
 As much as that is a sci-fi/philosophical argument, you can actually do it at home.
 Here's a disclaimer, don't do this, don't do this, but it's possible, but don't do it,
 because it's actually quite dangerous.
 I came across this article recently and what it is, is this man in China posted on the net.
 So right there, it's super vague, we don't have a lot of resources, but other scientists,
 other doctors have chimed in on this.
 A man on the internet in China said his mom was really constipated for like two weeks,
 going to go to the bathroom at all.
 And then one time she went into the bathroom and she was in there for a long time and she
 finally had a bowel movement, and when she came out of the bathroom, she didn't remember
 the past 10 years of her life.
 They couldn't figure out what was going on.
 She had no idea what happened the past 10 years of her life.
 She's like, "Hey, you want to go to the World Trade Center?"
 They're like, "Mom, mom, sit down, we have something to tell you."
 Actually, that would have been farther back than 10 years.
 But anyways, the family had to sit her down and tell her, like, what's going on?
 And she's like, "No, no, I got all this money invested in Enron.
 We're rich, we're millionaires!"
 And they're like, "Mom, mom, we think we need to go to the doctor."
 So they took her to the doctor and what happened was the doctor diagnosed her with amnesia,
 but it only lasted for eight hours.
 So for eight hours, she couldn't remember the past 10 years of her life.
 Now, this was reported in the media and the news article in China, there's two versions
 of this article.
 One is from the China Times, it's a that in a second.
 And then one is in this website called The Week of Buzz, which seemed really clickbaity.
 So I had to go to the China Times to find out if it was actually published or true or
 anything like that.
 And in the China Times, they quoted this neurosurgeon who says, "Yes, it is possible,
 because when you're having a big bowel movement, you can actually start to cut off blood flow
 to your jugular vein, which will interfere with your brain, which you're not getting
 enough blood flow to your brain, so it will begin to wipe out memories if the bowel movement
 is big enough."
 So yes, it is possible and it does happen.
 It's not incredibly common, but it does happen.
 I had a cousin one day who one day her husband came home and she was laying on the floor
 and she thought she was still in high school.
 She didn't remember anything.
 And they never could and after about a year or two, she regained her memories, but she
 ended up going to the doctor.
 The doctor's like, "We don't know what it is."
 But she appears to have lost her memory.
 Now, there were people in the family who thought she was faking it.
 I actually ran into her shortly after this happened and I remember looking at her and
 she looked different.
 There was something about her eyes.
 I go, "I don't think she's faking it, because just by looking at her eyes, you could tell
 there was something different about her."
 Now, she might have just suffered mild brain damage.
 She may have made the whole thing up, but I think she probably did suffer some mild
 brain damage and she actually did lose her memory.
 But I don't know if she was super constipated before that.
 They just found her on the floor.
 So let's go to the...
 So it is a legit thing.
 It actually can happen to people.
 But now, this next segment you might think is a little culturally insensitive, but the
 next story we're going to cover is quite grim.
 So I figured let's pack as many as funny moments into this next couple of minutes, because
 what we're going to get into is pretty dark.
 So I go to the China Times.
 Now I have to run the translate option, obviously, because I don't speak Chinese.
 Now, I actually do have a lot of Chinese members of my family.
 A lot of members of my family, my stepmom, and my stepbrothers and sisters, and stuff
 like that, are Chinese.
 Step grandpa, all that stuff.
 You know, aren't there such a thing as a step grandpa at a certain point, you just go,
 "Ah, that's my grandpa."
 But anyways, I have a lot of family members who are from China.
 So I don't speak Chinese myself.
 They probably could.
 But the translation errors when I'm running this translate, and I don't get these a lot
 when I'm running translation from English to like on Spanish websites, which I have
 to go to a lot.
 There's some great gems here.
 Again, you might go, "Jason, that's kind of rude, but we're going to get into some dark
 stuff."
 The headline of the China Times article, so for comparison, this is the headline of the
 World Buzz article.
 Woman loses 10 years of memories after she pooped with excessive force.
 I'm like, "Oh, it's very clicky, very clickbaity."
 And I was like, "Oh, it's an interesting story for the podcast."
 Go to China Times.
 Here's the headline.
 Constipation.
 The toilet came out and lost 10 years of memory.
 Now other than it grammatically being incorrect, the toilet didn't lose memory and the toilet
 didn't come out.
 Quite an odd phrasing for it.
 You poop and another toilet comes out and then you poop into that toilet and another smaller
 toilet comes out.
 It's a, I forgot what that name was.
 We covered our past episode, but when people keep looking into mirrors, they see multiple
 versions of themselves.
 It's that, but just toilets coming out of your butthole.
 And then they had these other great headlines here.
 "Keeper folding 103 times as big as the universe."
 What?
 What does that even mean?
 He hasn't cut his hair for 50 years.
 He took his headgear like a giant clam.
 Oh man, that guy's such a good dude.
 He took it like a giant clam.
 I'm assuming, now I clicked on that one because I was like, "What does that even mean?"
 And apparently he hadn't cut his hair in 50 years and they just cut it and apparently
 look like a giant clam.
 It didn't.
 It looked like a giant pile of hair on the ground.
 But this headline actually had to click on because I was like, "What in the world?"
 I understand the paper folding thing.
 It's probably saying you can't fold a piece of paper 103 times.
 I've heard that before, but you can't fold a piece of paper in half so many times or
 whatever.
 But this next headline I had to click on, do some research on, "Under the flashlight,
 the white light is actually suffering from this disease."
 What could that even possibly mean?
 So I guess this article is a girl, a mother, took a photo of her son and when the white
 light flashed his eyes looked really weird under the flash and he actually suffered from
 some sort of eye cancer and they caught it very early and were able to treat it.
 But yeah, so that's what that headline means.
 Under the flashlight, the white light is actually suffering from this disease.
 Again, the white light's not suffering from anything.
 The toilet is not losing 10 years of memory and the toilet doesn't come out of anything.
 It's there, it's in place.
 So thank you, China Times and thank you Google Translate for these great headlines.
 And again, I don't recommend giving yourself constipation so you interfere with the blood
 flow to your brain.
 I highly don't recommend that because you could probably just give yourself a stroke.
 But it's still just an odd thing how balanced our bodies are and how easily it is to interfere
 with them.
 This is obviously a temporary thing, even if you did have a bad breakup within the past
 10 years, you'll only buy yourself about 8 hours of solace but then you're like, "Now
 I just have to make myself constipated all the time."
 Yeah, don't do that.
 Don't do that at all.
 I actually don't even know how an eternal sunshine ended.
 I don't know if he decided to remember her or not.
 I just gave up halfway through the movie.
 I'm pretty sure there's a musical number though.
 I'm almost pretty sure there's a musical number with Kirsten Dunst.
 That was it.
 But if you want to watch a great movie, Mellon Collie.
 I know there's a lot of people who aren't big fans of Lars von Trier, but that movie's
 great.
 And I know why people aren't good fans of his because he made all those Nazi jokes during
 a press conference and he's just cracking these jokes about Hitler and Kirsten Dunst,
 star of Bring It On and the Spider-Man franchise, is sitting next to him and she's like, "Oh
 my God."
 And he's cracking jokes about Hitler and Nazi's in front of a bunch of posh film critics.
 But Lars von Trier, Mellon Collie.
 Mellon Collie, that was the name of the movie.
 The first half of the movie is an examination of a young woman's descent into depression.
 Kirsten Dunst has a nude scene in it as well, if you're not into the depression angle.
 The second half of the movie is one of the best end of the world sci-fi films ever.
 Top five.
 I would honestly say ever because it just shows the futility of mankind in the face
 of the entire universe.
 And I remember reading an article about Mellon Collie and Lars von Trier, that's one of
 my least favorite movies.
 One of my least favorite movies.
 One, because I was going through terrible depression while I was watching it, hence the point
 of the movie.
 And he goes, "Two, it's too good."
 He goes, "I like my movies to have lots of flaws in them.
 I like my movies to have mistakes in them."
 He goes, "And I used a lot of tripods in this film and I just don't like the way it came
 out."
 Beautiful movie.
 Very, very tragic film.
 And I would tell, I've told people too, just skip the first hour.
 If you're not into the examination of depression and loss, I don't even think she loses anything.
 I think she's just going through a chemical depression.
 Yeah, I go, "If you're not into that, the first hour is pretty slow."
 I loved it, but I love all of his stuff.
 And this is my last thing I'm going to talk about.
 Lars von Trier is great because he is a very...
 He's like an art house movie maker who takes schlocky genres.
 He's done that with his past...
 I wouldn't say past two movies, but Melancholia and Antichrist are both...
 Antichrist is a Cabin in the Woods horror movie made by an artistic genius.
 A lot of people don't like the way he portrays women either, and I totally get that.
 But it is a art house take on a straight to DVD horror movie.
 It's brilliant.
 It's a man and a woman and a cabin in the woods.
 Absolutely terrifying film.
 Very, very grotesque.
 William Defoe was in that one.
 I love that movie.
 And then Melancholia is basically Armageddon made by an amazing filmmaker.
 Not whoever made Armageddon.
 I think it might have been Michael Bay or Jerry Breckheimer.
 But he does these...
 He picks these genres that normally aren't touched by the artsy community and makes these
 crazy films.
 I would love to see him do an action film.
 I would love to see him get Scott Atkins and Jean-Claude Van Damme and do an artistic
 take on an action film.
 Actually, his last movie was the House that Jack built, which I haven't seen yet, but
 it is a serial killer film done in an art house.
 I've seen clips from it and it's quite ridiculous, but it's that same type of thing.
 Hats off to you, Lars Von Triehr and hats off to my audience.
 Half of my audience that left because they absolutely hate that person.
 But I like them.
 Dogville.
 Great movie.
 So anyways, let's go ahead and move on.
 Dogville is amazing, actually.
 But let's go ahead and move on.
 I never saw the sequel.
 Let's go ahead and move on to our next story.
 So there is this old urban legend.
 It's probably one of the biggest urban legends, really.
 You have Bloody Mary, which is probably the top one.
 But the second urban legend is the babysitter in the house.
 And the story is this.
 She's at home babysitting the kid.
 There's a lot of versions of this, but really the main one that I always heard was there's
 a babysitter at home babysitting two kids.
 A kid, whatever.
 It doesn't matter how many kids there are.
 They're basically cannon fodder for this story.
 This babysitter is in this house and she's getting crank calls to her phone and then
 she calls up the police and she says, "Can you track the phone call?"
 And then the cops call her back and say, "We tracked the phone call.
 The phone call is coming from within the house."
 And then the version I heard was then she went, "This totally disturbed me as a kid."
 I think I first heard this when I was like eight or nine.
 The babysitter then goes upstairs and the kids are all chopped up.
 And I remember being specifically told their faces looked like spaghettios.
 And that really disturbed me because I loved spaghettios.
 It really creeped me out because it took something that I enjoyed eating.
 And for the longest time when I looked at a bowl of spaghettios I just would see chopped
 up people.
 Because spaghettios, not just spaghettios, spaghettios with hot dogs in them is very
 specific.
 Now of course you could not ever chop up a human body and make it look like spaghettios
 with hot dogs in them, but totally creeped me out.
 Now that version of the story where the cops are tracing the phone call back and it's inside
 the house, we've heard all sorts of versions of that.
 But basically the idea is the killer is in the house with the babysitter.
 We don't always get the traced phone call, but that's a common thing.
 Now the story we're going to cover is actually something I had never heard of until about
 two or three weeks ago.
 And it's very, very chilling.
 Very chilling story.
 So we're going back in time.
 We're going back to the year, 1950.
 We're in the city of Columbia, Missouri and it's March 18th.
 There is a young babysitter.
 This is a 100% true story.
 There's a young babysitter named Janet Christman and she's 13 years old.
 She turns 14 in three days.
 So you guys can already kind of know where this is going.
 You guys want to tune in tomorrow.
 It's totally fine.
 Janet is 13.
 She turns 14 in three days.
 She's trying to save up money to get a new dress for Easter.
 And she generally babysits for two different families.
 She babysits for the Romax and she babysits for the Mollars.
 So this particular night, the Mollars and the Romax and a couple other families are
 going to go hang out and play cards.
 And Janet picks the job to go to the Romax house and the Mollars have to find another
 babysitter.
 And she's at the Romax house and they said, "Okay, listen, here's the thing.
 We have this little three-year-old boy named Gregory.
 Want you to take care of him?"
 And she's like, "I know how to do my job, guys.
 They're like, "No, we're just adding details.
 We're adding details for the story."
 And she's like, "That's weird.
 Details for who?"
 So they say our little son, Gregory, is three years old.
 The house is kind of in the middle of nowhere.
 But let me show you some stuff.
 So Ed Romac, the dad of the Romax, says, "Here's my shotgun.
 Again, this is 1950s, so you would have no problem handing a shotgun to a 13-year-old
 girl.
 He showed her how to load it, unload it, and said, "Keep it by the door."
 If anyone knocks on the door, anyone at all, you lock the door, you turn on the porch light.
 Do not open the door for anybody.
 Puts the shotgun by the door, pats her on the head, says goodbye to his son.
 The Romax leaves.
 That night, a massive rainstorm hits the area.
 Mid-20 degrees.
 So it's just ice and sleet everywhere.
 And Janet is just sitting at home, doing her babysitting thing.
 Now at 1035, the police station in Columbia gets a phone call.
 Phone rings.
 Columbia Police.
 And they just hear a young girl go, "Come quick!"
 And the phone line goes dead.
 Cop's sitting there, looking out the window, seeing the rain and the ice, the wind, whip
 across the street outside the police station.
 And the officer just sits there waiting for another phone call.
 They can't trace the phone call.
 I don't even know if they had the ability to trace phone calls back then, but the phone
 call was so short, with no information, they just had a hope they'd get another phone call.
 Now while the Romax and the Mollers are out having this big party, Ann Romac, the wife,
 calls home to see how everything's going.
 But it's really early in the morning.
 It's like around midnight.
 She calls home, no answer.
 So she goes, "Baby sitter must be asleep.
 Gregory's probably asleep.
 Probably no big deal."
 At 1.35, the Romax pull up to their house.
 Rain still just pouring down.
 They see in their headlights as their cars pulling up, they see that the porch light
 is on.
 They don't really think anything of it.
 Maybe she turned it on because she was scared, because it was dark and it was stormy.
 Maybe not.
 But when Ed walks up to the house and he goes to unlock the door, the door is unlocked.
 And right when they walk into the house, they see the body of Janet on the ground.
 The carpet is soaked with her blood.
 They see, just in the brief time that they're looking before they start totally freaking
 out, she's obviously dead.
 She's suffered some major head wounds and she's been stabbed multiple times.
 Ann sees that and she freaks out and then immediately runs upstairs to check on her
 son, totally safe asleep.
 Not even aware of what was going on downstairs.
 Ed then goes to call the police and the phone is off the hook.
 He picks the phone up, dials the police.
 We need someone out here right away.
 Massive police presence shows up.
 They all show up.
 You just can't believe that this would happen anywhere, but it's happening in their town.
 The police show up.
 Now, part of the problem is that their house is kind of in the middle of nowhere.
 It's almost on the border of two different police jurisdictions.
 And so, the Columbia police get involved and the police in the neighboring area get involved
 and they start vying for control over who gets to control this crime scene, who's in charge
 of this murder.
 You have a bunch of cops walking around.
 You have conflicting orders between the police.
 All sorts of stuff.
 And that is kind of indicative of what's going to happen with this.
 This is what they start to put together.
 She seemed to have been stabbed with a mechanical pencil.
 She was strangled with a power cord from an iron.
 That's what eventually did her in.
 When she was pummeled in the head, she was stabbed multiple times with what appears to
 be a mechanical pencil, which weren't super common back then.
 They're not even super common now.
 They actually quite suck.
 I've never seen the advantage of a mechanical pencil.
 But she suffered head wounds.
 She suffered stab wounds.
 Unfortunately, she had been sexually assaulted as well.
 The police are fighting over control of the crime scene.
 They're fighting for control of the case.
 And they're looking into this and they don't have any immediate leads.
 There is a back window that is busted open.
 And there's some mud by the back kitchen door.
 And so some cops are saying someone must have busted their way into the house.
 Got in, assaulted, or killed her.
 Other people are saying the fact that the porch light is on makes us think that someone came
 to the front door.
 And since the door was unlocked, it was probably somebody she knew.
 But in the midst of all this, is there a try and to work this crime scene, trying to work
 this case?
 Eventually, one of the officers turns to someone else and says, "Do you think this is related
 to the Mary Lou Jenkins case?"
 Four years earlier, February 5th, 1946, Mary Lou Jenkins, 20 years old.
 She was staying at home alone.
 Her father was out of town and her mother was down the street, taking care of an elderly
 couple.
 This is in the same town.
 The mom says, "Listen, if you run into any problems, open the shades, turn the light
 on and call me."
 Later that night, the mom looks out the window, she's in the house with the elderly people,
 she looks out the window, she looks down the street and she sees her house with the blinds
 open and the light on, but she didn't receive a phone call, so she thinks everything is
 fine.
 That seems like a weird warning system if you only, of all three things, have to happen.
 Blinds have to be open, lights on, and a phone call.
 Like, you figure just two or three would work, but she doesn't think anything's wrong.
 When she goes home later that night, she sees that her daughter was raped and strangled with
 an extension cord.
 There was a guy who, around the same time, murdered his own wife and during a rather
 brutal police interrogation, he confessed to the rape and murder of Mary Lou Jenkins.
 So he was executed for that.
 He was executed for the murder of his wife and on the date of his execution, he says,
 "Listen, I murdered my wife, but I didn't murder Mary Lou Jenkins and no one believes
 him."
 Because he's a murderer and he's about to die, so you know, it's not like he has the
 best credibility ever.
 But there were issues in this town.
 There were creepers.
 Now, she was killed in 1946, but there was kind of this underlying current of odd activity
 in this town.
 Now, three years after Mary Lou Jenkins' murder, there was a spate of peeping Tom activity
 in the town.
 Now, that makes me think, the fact that the mom was so paranoid saying, "If anything went
 wrong, do these things," it makes me think that people were already a little on edge.
 Maybe they hadn't bubbled to the surface.
 Maybe people weren't aware of it.
 But in 1949, they had a bunch of peeping Tom activity that actually escalated into
 rape.
 A few days before Halloween in 1949, a 16-year-old girl was raped by a man wearing a white mask.
 Almost a month later, on November 29th, there was an attempted rape.
 And then the next day, a man, with a white mask, finds a couple in a car, robs the man,
 rapes the girl.
 So then a couple days later, on November 4th, a man was caught peeping outside of a house.
 He was subject to a rather brutal police interrogation, and he confesses to the rape and the attempted
 rape.
 Doesn't confess to the rape of the couple, but confesses to the rape and the attempted
 rape that happened just a couple months earlier.
 So the police in this town were kind of known for using extrajudicial interrogation methods.
 They weren't doing stuff by the book, and that would come to bite them in the butt in
 the end.
 So at this point, they have solved all these other crimes they believe.
 The police believe that they know who's done these other crimes.
 So in 1950, though, they're looking at the body of Janet on the autopsy table.
 It appears she's been stabbed with a mechanical pencil several times.
 And so then the police are discussing it, and they go, "Do you know anyone who uses
 a mechanical pencil?"
 And the answer is yes.
 Yes.
 I do know someone who's using a mechanical pencil.
 Not only do I know someone who often uses a mechanical pencil, they know Janet.
 In fact, Janet is one of their babysitters.
 Robert Mueller, which is a bizarre name that this hasn't popped up more often, because
 Robert Mueller is now such a famous name, but Robert Mueller was a tailor in town, a
 very, very successful man.
 He was always known to carry a mechanical pencil.
 Now, that's not enough to make you a suspect.
 But he was also known to have lewd conversations about young girls.
 And Romak said that Robert Mueller was a type of guy who used his hands, not his words,
 when dealing with women.
 A very, very gropey type of guy.
 Ed Romak said, "Not only had he made lewd comments about young women, he would make
 comments about wanting to take a young girl's virginity, and he would make comments about
 how curvy Janet was becoming.
 The kind of comments that we're making Ed a little nervous.
 Which makes me think that when Ed was saying, "Don't open the door for anyone," and
 here's where the shotgun is, almost makes me think he is saying, "Don't even open
 it for Robert Mueller.
 Just leave the door locked.
 Even if you know him, just leave it locked during the porch light on."
 But they're all out at a card game together.
 So Robert Mueller has a perfect alibi, right?
 As the cops started looking into him and started questioning, once he became the focus of this
 investigation, they interviewed the people at the party.
 The people at the party say, "Yes, Robert Mueller was at the party for us, except for
 a few hours."
 And the cops were like, "What?"
 And they're like, "Yeah, he was gone for a few hours."
 He said he had a doctor's appointment or something.
 And they're like, "Really?
 Late at night?"
 And they're like, "Yeah."
 During a rainstorm, he had a doctor's appointment.
 They're like, "Yeah, we didn't really think anything of it now.
 But now that you're mentioning him, it is a little suspicious, isn't it?"
 And the cops are like, "Yes, you could have told us that weeks ago."
 So they contacted Robert Mueller's doctor and the doctor goes, "I never saw him that
 time.
 He never stopped by."
 Now, his alibi starts falling apart.
 Not only that, the police are putting together that this guy's fairly creepy, and at one
 point he's talking to Ed and he goes, "You know, I don't know who killed Janet, but
 I know how I would have done it.
 I would have just walked up to the front door and said, 'Hey, Ed sent me here to pick up
 some poker chips and she would have let me right inside.'"
 And Ed's like, "What the hell are you talking about?"
 So there actually was an interrogation, but again, not by the book.
 They took him out of the city jurisdiction.
 They take Robert Mueller to this abandoned barn out of police jurisdiction and interview
 him for hours.
 Doesn't break.
 Doesn't break at all.
 He offers to take a polygraph.
 He takes a polygraph.
 He passes the polygraph.
 So at that point the cops are like, "Well, he didn't do it."
 Now we know now that polygraph technology isn't 100%.
 They're like, "Hey man, he passed the polygraph and he didn't break during our basic torture
 session so he's most likely innocent."
 But a judge disagreed and said, "You know what?
 I don't agree with that decision police.
 I'm going to convene a grand jury.
 We're going to look at all the evidence and we're going to see if we can indict this guy."
 Goes to a grand jury.
 But when all the police evidence is presented to the grand jury, they say, "Too much problem
 with these different police forces trying to investigate this.
 We have all this different stuff because one police force straight up says it was a stranger
 who broke in the back window and then you have this other police force saying no with
 someone she knew.
 So despite all of the weirdness with his alibi and his statements and his creepy behavior,
 he's never prosecuted.
 He ends up leaving, dies at the age of 83 in Arizona.
 The Romacs and the Mollers go about their business.
 Janet had a little sister who ended up going off into college and just kind of moving on
 with her life.
 The parents, obviously when I say moving on with their life, obviously they mourned the
 loss of their daughter and sister, but things just kind of faded away.
 To this day, no one has ever been successfully prosecuted in any way for the death of Janet
 Christman.
 Just a 13-year-old girl, 3 days shy of her 14th birthday, raped and murdered on a cold,
 rainy Missouri night.
 It doesn't have all of the extra creepy details that the urban legend has, but the idea of
 a lone babysitter, a young woman trapped in a house, being confronted with the ultimate
 evil, is creepy enough.
 Whoever did this got away with it.
 Whoever did this most likely was responsible for the other crimes.
 And because of the way the police were interacting with these suspects in the past, people were
 confessing most likely to crimes they did not commit.
 The guy who was convicted of Mary Lou Jenkins was a murderer.
 The guy who was peeping outside the window was a peeping Tom.
 But was he a rapist?
 Were all of these crimes connected?
 Nobody knows.
 And I don't really know if anyone really cares.
 You think this story would still be floating around out there as one of the big unsolved
 cases.
 But it's not.
 It's been swept away into a sea of unsolved mysteries.
 What really happened that cold, rainy night?
 Was she confronted by a man she knew who had always lusted after her, who had a friendly
 demeanor and walked through the front door before committing the ultimate evil?
 Or was it a stranger skulking about the house who saw a young girl alone and decided to
 do something truly despicable?
 Either way, that person went on with their lives.
 And truly evil continued to live, function, and walk among the rest of the world.
 And that is scarier than any urban legend.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 you
