 Infuse your life with color with plants from Proven Winners. With hundreds of
 annuals, perennials and shrubs in striking colors and bold patterns, you'll
 find the perfect assortment to match your unique style. I know I can count on
 them to flourish in my garden since they've been tested for years. Grow
 color, grow success, grow Proven Winners. Find them in their white branded
 containers at your local garden center. Proven Winners, the brand gardeners trust.
 Ho ho ho ho ho ho! I don't know if that's Santa Claus or Job of the Hut. It's one of the two.
 Ho ho ho ho! Han Solo Jingle Donga! It's Santa Claus because it's Christmas. It's not
 Job of the Hut. It's Santa Claus and today for Dead Rabbits'
 Chrism-medically-intuced Christmas special, we have three amazing stories.
 First off, what would you do if a bunch of hooligans showed up at your house
 dressed up as inverted turkeys? That's a real story. That wasn't a joke that other
 episode. Then we're gonna take a long walk through the woods. Is it possible
 we will see the future or be killed by the leprechaun? And then we travel to a
 small island straight out of a horror movie. What happens when you visit a
 quaint little village on the wrong day? You get the crap kicked out of you today
 on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 Hey everyone, welcome back to the Christmas, the Christmas miracle episode of Dead
 Rabbit Radio. I'm your host Jason Carpenter. I'm having a great day and I'll
 explain that in a second. I hope you guys are having a great day as well.
 Let's first, we got a ton of stuff to cover. There's probably gonna be a
 longer episode. But first off, I want to bring in our newest
 Patreon supporter, Pittlepoo. Everyone give a round of applause to Pittlepoo as
 he's hang gliding in. Wee, he's doing circles above our head. He's taunting
 us with the power of flight. Pittle, you're gonna be our captain, our pilot
 this episode. Can't support the Patreon and totally understand. Just help spread
 the word about the show. Really, really helps out a lot. So, is Pittlepoo flying
 around in circles? He's getting super dizzy. He's like, "Oh man, I don't even like
 hang gliding." Let me explain to you where we're at with the show. So, the show is
 coming back at the beginning of January. Today, I've released two episodes. The
 episode that was right before this one was already recorded. It wasn't edited. I
 had to go to the hospital because I had AFib. My heart went into AFib.
 Once again, the doctors believe that it's caffeine and nicotine, that it was
 substances, basically substance abuse. But this time, they're sending me to a
 cardiologist. Last time, they did an echocardiogram. My heart's fine. That's the
 thing. They keep running all these tests. They go, "Your heart's fine. You don't have
 any blood clots. We see no problems." My biggest issue right now is they said,
 "You're abusing your body with..." They didn't say that. That's dramatic.
 Dr. Houston had come in and kicked my bed. He goes, "You're taking in too much
 caffeine." So, I'm going through serious withdrawals right now. I was having
 about nine to ten caffeinated beverages a day. I'm down to one. You hear the
 misery in my voice? On top of that, I started using nicotine again during
 the summer. I was ingesting about 15 to 20 nicotine
 lossanges a day. I'm down to two. So, I'm just absolutely miserable right now.
 I've been sitting here for the past week just kind of being miserable,
 eating a bunch of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for some bizarre reason.
 That helps. I did want to get a Christmas episode out for you guys,
 but I am going to still be taking... There's going to be no more episodes after
 these yesterday's episode that came out today. I know it's complicated, but then
 I'm still going to take some time off. I'll be back in the beginning of January.
 But that... I want to let you guys know I was getting a lot of emails. I really
 appreciated the emails. Some of you guys were telling me to get better.
 Some of you guys were worried. Don't be worried. Just be worried that I'm not
 going to go and beat up a chicken walking on the street because I'm withdrawing
 from nicotine and caffeine. It's rough. It's really rough. But my heart...
 Health-wise, I'm fine. Health-wise, I'm fine. I'm going to see my cardiologist who
 actually happened to be... I didn't know this. My cardiologist is going to be the
 guy that I used to do jiu-jitsu with. So, I'm sure I'll get beat up. I'm sure he'll
 call me a wimp a couple times. "Ah, come on, you big wimp. Your heart's fine.
 Dork?" But I am fine. I'm just really going through with
 drills and that was... I'm just not feeling good in that sense. But I did need to take
 time off. So, I appreciate that you guys have given that time to me.
 That's enough of that medical stuff. Pushing it out of the way. Pushing over
 hospitals. Get out of our way, medical establishment. We have a story to tell.
 Pitilpoo. I want you to jump off of that hang glider. I'm going to give you the
 keys to the festively decorated Jason Jalopy. And it has like...
 It's just candy canes. Just candy canes hanging everywhere. And there are the...
 It has elves in the carburetor. They're just living there. They're like, "Oh, this is
 the worst story ever." That may no sense, but they're in there anyways and I'm not
 going to edit it. Go ahead. Hit the gas pedal. We are leaving behind
 Dead Rabbit Command and we are headed out to Finland.
 Cars drive it. It's like the elves in the carburetor. They're completely mashed.
 They're elf jelly now, but the elf jelly gives the car the power to fly.
 So we're flying over the ocean. We get to Finland. Now, I do have to say this.
 One, I am drinking a... I'm drinking a berry smoothie right now. So I have a lot of
 sugar in me, so I'm a little hyper. Two, I'm excited to be doing the show again,
 so I'm a little hyper. And three, that doesn't have anything to do. That doesn't matter.
 Somebody may have recommended this to me. I am trying really hard to figure out if
 someone recommended this to me. If you did, go ahead and let me know,
 because I would have notes of it somewhere, but I may have found it on my own. But I just
 want to say, if this sounds familiar to you, I will give you credit if you did recommend it to me.
 Jason Jalopy's flying. Elf-Elf-Ku is dripping out of the exhaust. We're headed out to
 Finland and we look at the clock and it's January 13th.
 Cars landing in the snow. A bunch of kids are outthrowing snowballs and stuff like that.
 And they're super excited, not because they're withdrawn from nicotine and taking too much
 sugar. They're super excited because today is nutty day. So they're like, "Nutty day,
 nutty day." They're like pushing each other, pushing each other in a pile of nuts. He's like,
 "No, I'm allergic. Nutty day." Kids are dancing around and we're like, "What is nutty day?"
 And the town mayor shows up and he goes, "What? You guys don't know about nut day?"
 We're like, "We don't know what nutty day is. We probably don't know what nut day is." And he
 goes, "It's an old Finnish tradition, you see." So January 13th is like the day of the Epiphany.
 It's like one of the days of Christmas. So Christmas is over with, obviously, but the
 tradition carries on. And in Finland, in this part of the world, don't ask me to point out,
 don't ask me to show you where Finland is at on a map. I think it's above Germany.
 That's as far as I know. It's somewhere around Sweden and Dutch,
 the Netherlands and things like that. Anyways, it doesn't exist. So I don't even know why I'm
 worried about it. The mayor goes, "Let me tell you about nut day. Not only am I going to tell you
 about nut day, I'm going to tell you about nut day according to the Finnish Wikipedia."
 Now, I've covered this once before. I found the description of Cookie Monster
 on a Brazilian Wikipedia page. So it's not Wikipedia. So every country has its own Wikipedia,
 but then you can translate it to English. And translation errors are sometimes funny.
 Did you really build an entire segment around translation errors? No, no,
 kind of. But this one's... Let me just tell you the story. So anyways, according to Finnish Wikipedia,
 on nut day, it's January 13th and it's nighttime, a bunch of dudes show up at your house and they're
 either dressed up as nutcrackers. So they have like, they just send their jaws. They're like,
 "Maw, get my costume ready." She's like breaking their jaws open so they can lower and then get
 super low. They either dress up as a nutcracker. They either turn themselves into saw traps or
 they dress up as quote, "an old inverted turkey." I'm like, what? I was trying to think like, did
 they put like turkey carcasses on their head, but then it's inverted. So like, did they peel it
 inside out and the rib bones are like sticking out again, looking like a saw trap? How do you
 invert it? How do you... I can figure out. If someone said invert a turkey, I could probably figure
 that out, but if someone asked me to dress up like one, I mean, I'm sure I can give me a long
 and give it over an infinite scale over the until the heat death of the universe. I could probably
 do it. But these guys do it every year. They show up, they go to house to house. They knock at your
 door. So you're kind of getting it. It's like, oh, it's like Christmas in January. That's kind of
 dope. It's even better than that because these guys, they can get, they don't really get candy.
 They get beer, food or money. And here's a tip. If you didn't know this, you can use money. You can
 use money to buy beer or food. If they run, oh man, I ran out of beer. Here's some money. You're
 still good. You're still good. That was the older version of it. I'm sure there's still some older
 kids dressing up as inverted turkeys. Nowadays, it is a lot like a traditional Halloween,
 where the kids show up and they sing and they get candy. No beer for the kids, no money either.
 But you know, you sing, you get candy. The kids show up and you answer the door and you go,
 are the nuts going to sing? And then the kids sing, which I don't think it might actually be more
 irritating because one of the most irritating things in life is a child singing. Where has your
 soul gone? No, let me finish this. Let me finish this. This is one of the most irritating things in
 the world to me. A child singing and insisting to sing the whole song. Like I get it. Old Town Road.
 You sing the first two. I go, it's pretty good. And then they're like, I was like, oh yeah,
 you're pretty good. And then they're like starting going to the bridge. I'm like, oh my god, I get
 it. You can sing. You can verbalize words out of your throat. I don't need to hear the third chorus.
 Kids just need to sing a couple lyrics. Tick tock, seven seconds, like a tick tock video.
 And then I'll give them some candy. That irritates me when kids keep singing. It's a weird pet peeve
 of mine. I get it. I was never a fan of kids incorporated. I was like, no, shut it off
 after seven seconds. Anyways, that would irritate me. I would move. So what is nutty day? It's a
 real holiday. The inverted turkey. Because then I went to the English version of Wikipedia to find
 out if any of this madness was true. An inverted turkey was a translation error. They dressed up
 as goats, which is actually less terrifying as opposed to a turkey turned inside out. But a goat
 man. A goat man is pretty scary knocking on your door. So that is a good costume. I would give that
 guy beer to get him away. The tradition still exists. It's changed into this childlike version
 of Halloween meets Christmas. But nutty day starts with the kids demolishing everything Christmas
 related in their house. First off, they eat all the ornaments. Not like the glass ornaments.
 You know, like all the edible ornaments. The popcorn, tin soul, and like the candy canes.
 The kids, they have to wait. They have to wait till January 13th. So all that stuff is super stale
 at that point. Super grocers, ants, and the popcorn. But that, you eat all the edible decorations off
 of the Christmas tree. Then they go to the gingerbread house that they've built. Again,
 they built it before Christmas. They probably built that. Like on the 20th, at this point,
 this thing is half a month old. They don't eat it. They don't eat the gingerbread house though.
 They smash it. They smash it to pieces. They just pound it into dust. And then they might be able
 to eat the dust. I'm not for sure. They leave one gingerbread man to witness all of the destruction,
 and then they save him till next year. They put him in the cupboard and said, "Tell your people
 what happened to her." And then they shut the cupboard. They shut the cupboard door, and there's
 a bunch of other gingerbread men from past Christmases locked in the darkness. So they don't torture
 the gingerbread population. And then to end it all off, that's not enough, right? Eating your
 Christmas tree, destroying your house, a gingerbread house, not your own house. They then take their
 Christmas tree and they get rid of it. And you're like, "Yeah, of course, they just don't like
 keep that." They throw it out their window. Now, you could say, "Yeah, Jason, it's not like
 fall guys. It's not like a stuntman." They open the window up. They throw it out. They do. They
 don't make it smash through their window. However, they usually go to the second story of their house
 and throw it into the street. They just left it there. So by January 13th, towns in Finland
 would be littered with Christmas trees, not my problem. Someone else would have to pick them up.
 That tradition just ended like 10 years ago. Up until the early 2000s, people were still throwing
 Christmas trees off of second or third-story buildings if you're really rich. You have a third
 story, fourth story. That's only for Bill Gates. But you throw these Christmas trees out of your
 house. That signifies the end of Nutty Day. So that's a nutty way to spend Christmas. Am I right,
 guys? Am I right? And everyone's just kind of like, "You waited 15 minutes to tell that pun."
 I did. But what I didn't wait for was my blood sugar to go down because I'm obviously still hyper.
 Pitilpuk, haul in that Dead Rabbit Durgible. We're going to say goodbye to this Finnish town as
 we're dodging Christmas trees getting thrown at us. Take us up, up and away in that Dead Rabbit
 Durgible. We don't have a far way to go, I don't think, because again, I'm probably for sure
 where it sat on the map, but I'm pretty sure it's close. We're leaving behind Finland. We're headed
 out to Sweden. I guess this is another story, I gotta be honest. I'm pretty sure I found it on
 my own. I've been sitting on these stories for a long time. I came across these stories like in
 June, but I wanted to say them for a Christmas episode. But a lot of times people send me stuff
 from other countries and I kind of stumble across stuff as well. Stefan might have sent
 this to me, I'm not for sure. But if you sent these stories to me, let me know, I'll make it up to you.
 Pitilpuk, take us over the scenic ice-capped mountains of Sweden. You see those little towns
 down there? Just pick one. Just pick any one of them. This is a celebration going on tonight.
 It's New Year's Eve. Pitilpuk is perfectly navigating the Dead Rabbit Durgible through the
 darkness. Down on the ground we see people going, "New Year's Eve song, what's the New Year's Eve song?"
 We don't know. Pitilpuk is bringing that Dead Rabbit Durgible down. We're in Sweden. It's New
 Year's Eve. Most of this, really all this information I got from an article on Atlas Obscura written by
 Kelly Cattlefamon. So thank you so much Kelly. Amazing article, amazing story. I wanted to
 give you credit for that. We find ourselves outside of this town in Sweden. It's New Year's Eve.
 It's midday, coming close to the evening dusk. We see a man leave his house and start to walk
 into the woods surrounding the town. We start to see a bunch of people leave their houses,
 and all of them head off into different directions into the woods around town. We can do this too.
 We're going to pick a direction. We're going to keep on walking. Eventually civilization
 disappears. We're walking through the woods. You've got a couple of rules on this walk. No technology.
 No iPod. You can't even bring your phone with you. Quite dangerous to us city slickers. Even if you
 were allowed to have a phone on you, you can't talk. You can't eat. You can't drink. You can't
 tell a single person where you're going. But it doesn't matter because everybody knows the purpose
 of this walk. You are doing the Ars Gong. It's an ancient Swedish tradition. What it is is that on
 New Year's Eve, you have to leave your house. If you want to do the tradition, you have to force
 out a bunch of guards. You're pushing them out. They're like, "Do the Ars Gong." If you want to do
 this, you have to leave your house. You have to walk out into the wilderness. The point is to
 eventually reach a local church or a graveyard. You go, "Well, Jason, there's one of those right
 around the corner. Can't I just go? Do I really have to do a giant U-shape walking in the woods?"
 Yeah, dude. Yeah. You can't just walk down the street, slurping on a milkshake, and go to the
 graveyard. It's about the journey. So even if you have to go out into the woods only to double back
 at some point to reach that graveyard, that is the journey. So why would you do this? You walk
 to see the future at the point of New Year's Eve, right before New Year's Day. The new timeline is
 being created. On this walk, you will have visions of what the new year will bring. You may see success.
 You may see the death of a loved one. You may actually see your own death. So the journey is
 what allows the visions to take place. You just walk over there, like just cut a bunch of corners
 to get there. Then you're not really going to experience the visions. But the visions come at
 a cost. So we're all walking through the woods together. And I have a special bubble around
 me so I can talk. I can break all these rules I'm eating. It's like a red chicken. I'm like,
 I'm eating it. I'm wiping my fingers on the side of the bubble. I continue to talk.
 As we're walking through the woods here, look for movement around you. You may see something
 hiding behind the tree. That might be a promotion. You might work for Reptilians Incorporated.
 And that was your boss. You may see the image of a beautiful bride standing behind a rock. And you
 go, oh, maybe that means I'm going to get married. And you start to rush off to behind that boulder.
 And then there's nothing there. So you're like, does that mean I'm not getting married? Well,
 I don't know whether or not you're getting married. But this is what's weird about this.
 You'll see the, everything's weird about it. A man's eating Kentucky Fried Chicken
 in a bubble explaining to you an ancient Swedish tradition. But you'll see these visions behind
 trees in underneath rivers and things like that. But some of them will tell you the future. And some
 of them will kill you because there's a bunch of monsters hiding in the woods as well. They're
 watching you. This is the time they know they want to get some sweet, sweet human flesh.
 Everyone's going to be walking in the woods this night. It's basically Blair Witches Match.com.
 They'll try to distract you. They'll try to actually take you off course. So if you ran
 around the boulder to see that pretty young bride, it could be a goblin. It could be a
 bunch of goblins standing on each other's shoulders wearing a wedding dress. Maybe.
 It could have actually been your bride. You don't know. You won't know until you run over there.
 You won't know. But most of the time, you might see a vision of the future, but there's a whole
 bunch of creatures trying to throw you off the track. The creatures are also there to make sure
 you follow the rules. If you're walking through the woods and you actually encounter another person
 on the Arsgong, you can walk with them. But you can't talk. You can't say anything. Just walk
 with them. You can take the journey with them, but you can't really interact with them in any sort
 of way. And because we've had stories of people meeting up and going on this walk together,
 we've been able to learn what some of the penalties are for breaking the rules.
 One of them is you go insane, which you really don't need a witness for that.
 Someone goes, "bye, honey. I'm going to go try to see the future." And hopefully,
 you don't get away laid by a bunch of monsters. "bye, honey." And then he comes back and he's
 insane. You're like, "oh, I guess that didn't go so well." Some people get their heads distorted.
 I don't know what that means. That's an actual quote. They get their heads distorted. They're the
 fant- fantastical side of me, thanks. Like, someone walks into the woods and they come out. Maybe
 they have like one of their eyes as moved slightly up. They look like sloth or something like that.
 The true crime version of me makes me think that God got his head bashed in by some brute with the
 club. That'd actually be a great place if you were going to be a serial killer to go to a place
 where a bunch of people are always walking around in the woods and if people just disappeared or
 went insane, they'd go out and the police aren't going to investigate it. They're like, "oh, they
 just probably got attacked by a bunch of goblins in a wedding dress. I don't know." If I was going
 to be a serial killer operating in any area, I would choose this place or the edge of a volcano,
 because I would never be caught. I'd never be any bodies, but they would. The cops would probably
 wonder why there's always this Jason-shaped silhouette on the edge of a volcano. They're like,
 "we do have a lot of missing people up there." And that guy did say on his podcast that he liked
 pushing people. I never said I liked it. Jury, jury, your honor, I never said I liked pushing
 people into a volcano. I'm just saying if I was a serial killer, I would either kill people in
 Sweden or the edge of a volcano. But that aside, that aside, where I don't remember where it was at,
 oh yeah, distorted head. So I don't know if people are coming out and just like they're cross-eyed for
 a couple days or if they've been brained by some maniac with a pumice club. It could be one of the
 two. We do actually have a live version. Like we have a witness who saw what happened when someone
 broke one of these rules. Here's this story. It's from a book called Folklife in Sweden. These two
 dudes are walking, walking doing the arse gong. The force can pull all sorts of tricks on you.
 It wants you to fail. It wants you to fail at this. Two guys are walking. They didn't really know
 each other. There's a stream. And as they're walking, the stream starts to get darker and darker.
 It's no longer spring water. It's wine. And one of the guys gets down on all fours. He cups his hands.
 He's spaghetti. He's spaghetti. He cups his hands and he's drinking the wine, which is one of the
 rules you're not supposed to do. Not supposed to drink. He drinks it and then he turns to the other
 guy and goes, "Now the water is wine!" And a voice deep within the wine filled depths goes,
 "And your eyes are now mine!" And these hands shoot out and rip the dude's eyeballs out.
 I don't think he was trying not to laugh. He's like, "Oh, that's ticklish."
 That's something that happens in the Leprechaun movie. I'm not going to say it's not dope,
 because I love the Leprechaun movies. They're my favorite. Leprechaun and Final Destination are my
 favorite horror movie franchises. But that's pretty clever. It's pretty clever. I'm sure that little
 monster man or whatever was down there the whole time was saying, "I hope he says something I can
 rhyme with." Hope he wasn't like, "Wait a second! That doesn't make sense now that I think about it."
 Because that homeboy was speaking Swedish. So when it rhymed, it would be like flunkin,
 dunkin, something. And then the creature would be like, "Your eyes, your eye, I'm gonna eat your eye!"
 Like it wouldn't rhyme. It wouldn't rhyme. Man! I don't even want to finish this story now. Anyways,
 I will... Oh yeah, yeah, this one was pretty dope. I will finish this, because this one's actually
 better. There's another story. This guy was out for a walk. You saw some... Because it can... Again,
 it's all about distracting you. So, sure, getting your eyeballs ripped out. It's pretty big distraction.
 I don't think you're gonna finish your walk. But this guy, he didn't drink the wine, he didn't
 follow the goblins in the wedding dress, he didn't let anything bug him. But he saw...
 Unusual sight. This would distract anyone. He saw a bunch of rats pulling a cart of hay. So it's like
 a little cart of hay, regular sized rat, and they're pulling it across the ice. But even that
 doesn't distract him. That doesn't distract him at all. He's like, "Okay, you see one rat pulling hay?
 You see them all. I'm on a quest to find out what the future is." Then we get this passage. Quote,
 "One of the rats slipped on the ice and fell on his back, while farting so loudly. It could be heard
 across the whole parish." That's... That's gonna distract you, right? The guy laughed really,
 really loud. This rat farted, and he didn't get to see the future. He didn't get to see the future,
 but he didn't get to see a rat slip and fart. That's all the future. That's all the future you need.
 That story you can tell forever. Yeah, sure. You'd be like, "Yeah, the grains are gonna grow. You might
 die. You might die." They're like, "What? We want to know." I don't know, but I got to see a rat fart.
 I know if rat fart so loud, everyone in town heard it. Actually, he probably farted. He probably
 farted, and then he comes back to town. They're like, "Dude, Johan, what happened?" He's like,
 "It wasn't me. It was the rat." There's actually a video game based on this,
 which you can download. It'll be in the show notes. I would play it. It's for the Apple,
 Apple phone. I don't have those. If you do, though, you can play that. But let's say you don't want
 to walk out in the forest. Let's say there's no forest around you. There is another Swedish tradition
 you can do. If you take the porridge spoon, okay, you have to have porridge. It's not as easy as
 that. You have to prepare porridge, but if you know how to do that, I think it's just oatmeal,
 right? Oatmeal with yogurt. You take porridge and you take a porridge ladle, it's porridge spoon.
 You walk around your house three times counterclockwise. Before Christmas dinner,
 then you'll see the future. So if you can't run through the forest and have your eyeballs ripped
 out or outrun me as I'm throwing lava at you or hearing rats fart, just make some porridge,
 walk around your house counterclockwise three times. It will tell you the future. So you can
 do that. That is how you can play that at home. But we got one more thing to cover here, guys.
 This episode is a Christmas episode. We're going a little long.
 Pittle poo. Let's put you in the seat of that carbonicopter. It is festive as well. Candy Canes.
 That's all it is. It's just candy canes. All the instruments are made out of gumdrop. So if you
 can fly, I hope you can fly only using visuals. We are leaving behind Sweden and we are headed out to
 the Netherlands. This one was a recommendation. I do know who recommended it to me.
 Patron of the show, Rolf. Amazing story. Thank you so much for the recommendation. And
 it's quite spooky. We're going to end this Christmas episode on a spooky one.
 Pittle poo is flying. Now we're going to land right here, right on the Netherlands,
 which is like a country place. But then there's like islands off the side of it.
 So not geography. And the reason why I wanted you to land here, Pittle poo, is because part of the
 story is we have to take this ferry. So we see this boat. Coming towards us. Sorry for those of you
 who are sleeping. Ferry is coming towards us. Now it's December 5th. It's every December 5th.
 This isn't any particular December 5th. As we're getting on the ferry, we're handed a note.
 Every person getting on the ferry says "warning." I don't know if it said "warning," but it said
 "attention, maybe it's more polite than that." There's a festival going on on the island of Ameland.
 Don't come. Don't come this weekend. Find something else to do. Go into Sweden, get your eyeballs ripped
 out. Just don't come this time of year. You're sincerely the Ameland Bureau of Tourists. And
 we're like "what?" Now they don't prevent us from going, but they highly suggest we don't go.
 Mainlanders don't come to the island. I nod to Pittle poo. He knows what to do. He's choking out
 the captain of the ferry, putting on his clothes. We now have control of... We didn't need to do that.
 They would take us there anyways, but we now have control of the ferry. We are headed to Ameland.
 It's a tiny little island. Population 3600. That's super small. But on December 5th, it's the week
 of the celebration.
 Berries getting closer to this island. It's like 3 in the afternoon. It's not super spooky,
 but with the right cinematography, without the right filmmaker, it looks super spooky. December
 4th, December 5th is when this is happening. We get there, people see us. They're kind of pissed
 off that we're there. We see a bunch of kids walk on to the ferry. They're like "papa, papa, papa, papa's
 the captain of the ferry. Where is he?" We're like "Pittle poo's ditching the clothes real quick."
 I don't know. He's staying on the mainland. "Papa, is the kids opening the door to the cabin? We're
 running off." But it doesn't matter whether or not we just kill this guy. Nobody wants us there
 anyways. They don't want mainlanders there. December 4th, December 5th. We get there, we start to notice
 it's probably like four now. We bought a bunch of train kids. There's not a lot of women on this island.
 Well there are, but every time we see one they're running away from us. It's not just because
 the cops are looking for us for murdering a captain. The town is empty and of women.
 Children too. We see them kind of running away into their houses. And then there's a period of
 time where it seems like there's nobody on the streets but us. It's 5 p.m. It's kind of dark now.
 Walking through the streets of this little town.
 We hear off in the distance.
 From another part of town. What was that? Sounds like a man trying to imitate a goat horn.
 We're hearing these goat horn sounds all over town. There's no women. There's no children.
 There's horrible noises coming from all around us. It's 5 p.m. Soon Klaus has begun.
 This is a bizarre phenomenon. It's 100% real. And up until very recently nobody knew about it if
 he didn't live on the island. It's an ancient tradition and the island's not super far off the
 coast. It's not like the island of Dr. Moreau in the middle of nowhere. It's your fairy. We just
 take a fairy there all day long. But they've done a really good job at keeping it under wraps.
 Rolf was saying most people in the Netherlands don't even know about it. But recently a couple
 like Weiss did an article on it. A couple of journalists have gone there. They heard rumors.
 They went there with cameras. We're taking pictures. I guess I should say this too. I forgot this detail.
 The journalists tend to get harassed when they cover this. If I don't come back in January,
 if you find me like under layers and layers of goat fur somewhere out in the middle of some field,
 I probably just had a really good nap. I became a fur trader and quit the podcast. Or I was waylaid
 by Suntan Klaus. But so this is a real thing people still don't know a lot about. And you get in
 trouble if you talk about it. It's a secret society/Christmas celebration. Here's the rules.
 As we're now hiding inside. Here's the rules. We're peeking out and we see this stuff.
 If you're a man on this island, you spend a couple months putting together your outfit.
 And you have to have an outfit that's so ornate that no one else in town can recognize you. It's a
 town of 3,600 people. So that's pretty. You got to go through a lot of effort to make sure no one
 recognizes you in such a small town. Also, the costumes are matching. So you run with like five
 other dudes. So you guys may all be like the knocky knocks and you guys will dress up like giant
 doorknobs. They don't do that. It's just like they wear a mask and a big giant robe. But they are
 creepy. They are creepy costumes. I don't know why I thought they would dress like doorknobs but
 or they call them knocky knocks. Anyways, the point is that they all have matching costumes.
 There are photographs of this. Traditions thing going on. For who knows how long. There's maybe
 10 photographs of these. You can see them in the show notes. You can see a couple of hidden camera
 things going on as well. So I'm running with my boys. We're the knock knocks. We're all the knock
 knock crew. And we would walk through town blowing our goat horns and then we come across another
 group of people. Now no one can recognize anybody, which is fine. That's kind of part of the tradition.
 It's an old fertility right. But remember the first thing, I maybe don't remember. I didn't see this
 part yet. It's only men. Women and children are not allowed to take part in this. At 5 p.m. every
 woman, every child needs to be inside. The streets belong to the men. So let's say the knock knock
 boys are coming down the street and we see the goobagos. Now we don't know who they are. It's
 all these people dressed up. So how do we tell whether or not they're men? Well a firm handshake,
 you know, you can do that. Or the quote that Rolf sent me was "Inspect their undersides."
 So I don't know if they're just like grabbing or that's what they're doing, right? I don't think
 there's really any other way if someone's wearing a majestic robe to tell whether or not they're
 a male or a female. But once they are all done grabbing each other's junk, then they move on to
 the next group of guys. I'm sure most of it is a firm handshake, but who knows. We're not allowed.
 We're not allowed to go over and test it. I personally don't want to. I'm not really good at
 costumes. I'd wear my Chewbacca onesie. If you guys all want to buy Chewbacca onesies, we can go
 rolling up there. But anyways, so that's how they check. Man, you dude. Yes, yes, shake hands,
 grab each other's junk. But what happens if it's a kid or a... if it's a kid, they're going to prison,
 right? If it's a kid, they're like, "Aw, man, celebration's over. The cops coming." They
 arrest that guy. If it's a kid, if it's a woman, they have sticks, not the women and the kids.
 See, they're supposed to be inside, but if they're roaming around, they're called "clousmen."
 They're called "clousmen," and that means "clous' uncles." They're basically like... I know this is
 out of order, but my sugar's wearing out. They're basically like Santa Claus' helpers. But they
 beat you up if you're a woman or a kid. So they have sticks that are wrapped in cloth, and if they
 come across like a random woman walking down the street, they beat her up with sticks. Or if they're
 being less evil, they pick her up. Well, here's the thing. The sticks are covered in cloth, so the
 point isn't to do lasting damage. I wouldn't want to get hit with a stick, no matter how much cloth
 was wrapped in it, but I definitely wouldn't want this other thing. Apparently in this town,
 there's huge open pits of wet liquid cow poop. They pick women up and they throw them into the
 cow poop. So if I had to choose between the two... Because here's the thing. Here's the thing. If
 I was a woman, I would totally be Lisa Simpson. I would totally be like, "What? Society says I
 can't do that? Well, then I'm gonna do that." So when I was reading this, I thought, "What would I
 rather do? Have someone hit me with a stick wrapped in cloth or to get a face, a whole body full of
 warm wet cow poop?" Dry cow poop? I could do that all day long. I get back up and like,
 "Let's go around too." But if it's wet and it's like a puddle, it's like a pit of it. It's not just
 like, "Whoops, I slipped. I'm taking the stick." But then I think I'm kind of diminishing the stick
 a bit because while they'll like, hit you with it, which again, it sucks. It's not good that they're
 running around with sticks and hitting women. You have to think, are they actually beating
 these women with this? This story took a dark turn. That's why they don't want people going there.
 So they don't want people going there. We have stories of them attacking cars with these sticks
 and they demolish the cars. The mayor, because you're not supposed to have any lights on during
 this whole thing. No street lights, no lights coming. Your blinds have to be perfectly closed.
 The mayor of town was driving through town and he's trying to get home and he's like, "I gotta go home.
 I'm obviously a dude. I just don't have my costume on yet. I gotta go home and put it on." And they're
 like, "Shut off your headlights." And he's like, "No, I'm the mayor of town." They destroyed his car
 in four minutes. Do you remember that bonus stage in Street Fighter II? They did that in real life
 with sticks. So I don't want to... In my mind, I imagine they're just like
 slapping the women on the butt with the sticks, but they did dismantle a BMW in four minutes
 with these sticks. The reason why I don't think they're actually kicking the crap out of these
 women is because the point of it is, is this fertility ritual. The women have to stay in
 the house from five to seven fifteen. Can't do anything. And then at seven fifteen, they all go
 to a communal hall and the dudes show up with their sticks and they either hold the stick out and the
 girl jumps over it or they tap the girl on the heel and the girl has to dance for them. There's
 a lot of footage of that and the girls are smiling and the kids are playing with toys and stuff like
 that. So it's really hard to piece this stuff together. So I don't know how much beating is
 going on. No, no, any is bad. Any is bad. Again, I'm not trying to defend these guys at all. I
 find it absolutely bizarre. What I find creepy is that this has gone on for so long and they've been
 able to keep it hidden this long. And when I was doing the research on it, there was an article
 and they go, "No, after we publish this, we begin getting threatening letters from people." So I
 had to take it down and they said, "The reason why we're keeping these photos up is it was a public
 place, it wasn't a private." They're really trying to shut it down. They're really trying to keep this
 ritual hidden and it could be because it seems to be so violent against women or they may not even
 care about that. They may be trying to keep it under wraps because it's just this old hidden tradition
 and they want to keep it that way. But if something could happen just a few miles,
 a few miles off the coast in a town that you could visit 364 days a year and not know anything
 about it, but you're there on that night, that's bizarre. It sounds like something out of the
 Wicker Man. It sounds like something out of just a horror movie. There actually is a horror movie
 based on this, but it's in another language and I didn't want to watch it. But it's funny because
 you watch those movies and you go, "Oh, it's kind of cool. The ritual or Midsummer and things like
 that." But to think that it's real, to think that it's real, that it is violent, that it's happening
 today, it really makes you wonder how many other events like this are happening around the world.
 And I know that seems very trite, but in the internet age, the fact that it was up until maybe
 five or six years ago, this was hidden. Even now most of the sources I had to have translated,
 so it's not widespread. How many other small towns in America or small town in Bolivia or small
 town in Russia or small town in Australia has this bizarre ritual that one night a year or one
 night every 10 years, whatever, the town changes. It becomes a dark reflection of itself and visitors
 are not welcome. It sounds like a direct to DVD horror movie, but in fact it is a centuries-old
 Christmas tradition. And I can think of no better way to end Dead Rabbit Radio's second annual
 Christmas special than one that includes Santa Claus, violence, madness, and warm, wet cow poop.
 Dead Rabbit Radio, gmail.com is going to be your email address. You can also
 hit us up at facebook.com/deadratvoradio. Twitter is @deadratvoradio.
 Dead Rabbit Radio is the daily paranormal conspiracy and true crime podcast. You don't
 have to listen to it every day, but I'm glad you listened to it today. I'll be back in January.
 I love you guys. Have a safe and merry Christmas. Happy holidays. All of that. I love you guys.
 Bye.
