 Infuse your life with color with plants from Proven Winners. With hundreds of
 annuals, perennials and shrubs in striking colors and bold patterns, you'll
 find the perfect assortment to match your unique style. I know I can count on
 them to flourish in my garden since they've been tested for years. Grow
 color, grow success, grow Proven Winners. Find them in their white branded
 containers at your local garden center. Proven Winners, the brand gardeners trust.
 A real life outbreak of werewolves in modern-day South America. And then we
 travel to Malawai, a small country in Africa, where a spate of vampire attacks
 forces the citizens to take the law into their own hands today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio. I'm your
 host Jason Carpenter. I'm having a great day. I hope you guys are having a great
 day too. Day five of Vampire Week, fifth episode recorded in one day. I've never
 done this before. I'm feeling it a bit. I'm feeling it a bit. I still have to go
 back and edit Monday's episode, so I'm not done yet. But if I, the sooner I can get
 all these episodes over, the sooner I can get back to my true passion, Minecraft.
 Avoiding creepers deep under the earth. You know, I've thought about this. Get back
 to me and tell me if you guys think this is a good idea. But for the Patreon
 supporters, and I talked to Dan, Ash, and Carson about this last night. Again, this
 is a week for you guys, but Patreon supporters, or people thinking about
 becoming Patreon supporters, would you be interested in having a private
 Minecraft server where we can all play Minecraft together? Let me know through
 email or comments or whatever. But yeah, I think it'd be fun. I'm just looking for
 an excuse to play more Minecraft. I'm getting, I think I'm getting to the point
 where it's getting a little too boring, but yeah, I'm still playing it. Let's go
 ahead and get started with the episode here, so I can get to editing the first
 episode. Now, Mason Norbeck is the guy who sent me all these Vampire Links, and
 it's funny now that I've recorded the week's worth episode. I think I only
 used like two of his ideas. I saved the rest. We may use those in the future, but
 I really appreciate the suggestions, Mason. Today's episode includes two of his
 suggestions, actually. And the first one, he declared as gross. Sent it to me anyways.
 Sent it to me anyways, but said it was gross. I had actually read the article
 before he sent it to me, so I had all my research done, and I just plugged his
 little name into it, and it was very, very easy to do. So this is a request by
 Mason. That actually happens a lot. I'll have a story ready to go, and someone
 will be like, "Hey, have you thought about doing this?" Just throw them in there.
 So, because I always appreciate hearing recommendations from you guys. So,
 we are going to Spain. We were just there earlier in the week for the running of
 the balls, and now we're back. We were in Costa del Sol. Actually, damn it. I
 realized in the introduction I said this story took place in South America. It
 actually takes place in Spain, and I'm not going to edit that. So, just
 retroactively thank, well, technically Spain, colonized South America, so
 never mind. There's nothing working around that. Anyways, so Spain,
 Costa del Sol. So, kids were having tummy aches. It's a totally true story, by the
 way. Tons of photos about this. Kids are like, "Oh, mommy, my tummy hurts. I was
 eating too much spicy food, and I told you not to eat all those jalapenos,
 and he's like, "I know, but it's a stereotype. I have to fulfill my stereotype."
 She's like, "Drink some milk," and they're like, "Uh, maybe." But they're tummy
 hurts. So, their moms, their collective moms, go get them antacid, specifically
 omeprazole. Omeprazole. And I think that's either prilosec or one of the main ones.
 That's the ingredient. Omeprazole. Kids are like, "Take the pill." They're like, "Oh,
 they're starting jalapenos again." The mom's like, "No, stop eating it. You're more than
 just the stereotype." They're like, "But am I mom? Am I?" They're having an existential crisis.
 They're eyeing that bowl of jalapenos. She's like, "Eat a peach." They're like, "Okay, I'll
 eat a peach." Kids are eating peaches now. Their stomach feels better. And then they wake up the
 next morning. I don't know if it's the next morning, but just for the sake of the story,
 they wake up the next morning and they're rubbing their eyes. They're like, "Uh,
 so tired. It's such a go..." I don't know why I'm yawning. Say I'm tired. It's the morning. They're
 like, "Huey Lewis and the new songs play in. They're getting ready. They go to brush their teeth.
 They're doing everything they can possibly do without looking in the mirror." And then they look
 in the mirror and they're covered in hair. They're like, "No!" And they call their mom. They all have
 one mom. Again, it's the mom of the village. They're like, "Mom, mom, and think of turning into a dog."
 And she's like, "Yeah, it doesn't appear that way, son and/or daughter." So what happened was
 there was a tainted batch of this antacid medicine. It was mixed with monoxidil. So
 all the parietal is for its tummy aches and monoxidil is for people with alopecia, so hair loss.
 So these kids were getting this rapid hair growth all over their body. 16 kids in Spain basically
 became werewolves because they had a tummy ache. And it was kind of unclear. They said if they stopped
 taking the medicine, which I'm sure they would, they're not gonna be like, "Mmm, furry or stomach ache.
 Like, just stop eating spicy food for a day, guys." If they stopped taking the medicine,
 they'd stop growing the hair, but it was unclear. I don't think their hair just would fall off.
 I think they would still have to shave their face and their entire body because they would look like
 little puppy people. They looked like dogs. Now, I know what you guys are thinking. You're like,
 "Hey, where can I get myself some of this tainted stuff?" I want to be furry too. Unfortunately,
 only works on children. So if you have a desire to become a werewolf or just look like one or have
 a great Halloween costume, that'd be dope. You walk into the party, you're like, "Hey guys, what's
 up?" You're like, "Dude, that's a great Teen Wolf costume." You're like, "Yeah, it's pretty good.
 Do you have any spicy food I can eat?" Because trust me, I can eat anything now. It doesn't work
 on adults though. It only works on kids. However, you can make your kids take it and they become
 all furry. You're like, "Look at me. I got Ewoks for Halloween." And they're like, "Dad, please.
 I want to go back to school. I'm tired of looking like this." Shut up. You wouldn't even stop taking
 it November 1st. So yeah, werewolf story. Thank you, Mason. Little kid's turning into werewolves.
 That's hilarious. It's adorable too. You should see the photos. Like, I mean, yeah, they're probably
 quite miserable, but they're little puppy people. Little puppy people. Here's a new segment. I'm
 never going to do this again. I'm just doing it because it's Friday and this is my fifth episode
 recording a row. Today's segment, and feel free to skip ahead five minutes, today's segment is
 Jason pitches a movie to an audience who has no power to make said movie. Great segment, but it
 only be done once. The year is 2080. Long time in the future, right? And all the cars are self-driving.
 It's a beautiful, shining city. These cars are like, "Doo." It's like a row of cars perfectly
 ordered coming through town. The roads are all like robotic censored and stuff. C-3PO Street.
 All the automated cars are coming down the road. Perfect orderly society. Everyone's just waking
 up to go to work. Everyone's wearing like shiny, shiny clothes. They look like the future for
 Minority Report mixed with the future from Demolition Man. They're just just a really like
 bright future. You're like, "Didn't a bunch of people die in those movies?" Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm
 just talking about the Asiatic. Asiatic? Whatever. It looks nice. And as these cars are doing their
 commute down this automated road, you're like, "Jason, just tell a goat story." As these cars are
 doing their commute down an automated road, a monster truck flattens a bunch of cars,
 just running off the roads. Now, the police cars are also like self-driving. The cops are just
 in the backseat and they're like, "Go, car, go!" But in the road like shifts so the cop car can
 get to where it's going, but it's still like on an automated road. It has no off-road capability.
 While they're watching this big, big monster truck with these giant wheels just jump over the roads
 and smash cars, he gets in front of a bank. A bunch of people come out with guns, kick on the door,
 steal the money. And while the cops are still trying to get their automated car there,
 big truck goes off. And then they're back in the police precinct and the sheriff, not the sheriff,
 the police chief is like, "This is the third big wheel monster truck robbery this week. We've got
 to stop these guys." And they're like, "But sir, all the roads are automated. We don't know how to
 make our cars." Do that. That's like old technology. That technology was made illegal like 50 years ago
 when they had all these greenhouse emission gas policies passed. You can put a little political
 thing in there. They're like, "Yeah, remember when that president took over and he made us get rid of
 like cow farts or whatever?" And they're like, "Yeah, yeah, I know." So they had to get rid of all the
 vehicles. So that's why it's this beautiful green, everything solar powered, right? You get a little
 bit of political subtext in there. So anyways, you know, or not, I don't care, whatever backstory.
 Cars are illegal. Everything is solar powered, little eight pod cars that are self-controlled.
 Maybe people are getting too many traffic tickets. Whatever. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter.
 That's for you guys to figure out. You're the producer. So anyways, they're like,
 "We have to stop this monster truck. We can't. None of our cars can catch it." And then one of the
 young officers goes, "Wait a second. I think I have a plan." And then he's like walking through
 the streets because he doesn't want to drive a car because he knows they suck. And you hear
 like limp biscuits start playing over the soundtrack. Roll and roll and roll and roll and
 what? Keep rolling and roll. And the guy's walking and he goes into this museum like this
 deserted automobile museum and he's walking through it. Of course it's deserted. Otherwise,
 he would have come up with this plan earlier. He's walking through the museum and he finds what
 he's looking for. And then we see that officer's name tag. It's Lieutenant Toretto and he's looking
 at his great-great-grandfather's Dodge Charger. This movie is fast and the furious, but it takes
 place in the future. It's called The Last of the Furious. And it's Dom Toretto's great-great-grandson
 driving around this car and the whole movie is just smashing over nerds and they're like
 efficient, fuel efficient vehicles. And you're like, "Jason, that's cool. I know. Thank you."
 And here's the end of the trailer. You see the big rig driving through like this high tech building
 and Lieutenant Toretto's driving and he's like has some hot chick who just magically appears in
 the passenger seat. She was in the museum. She was in the museum the whole time. She got locked in
 so she's dressed like a hot chick from 2013 and there was enough food for her for six years
 and she hasn't aged, but anyways. The car, so the big... The monster truck is driving through this
 high tech building. The charger's right behind it and you see the monster truck like smash
 through the wall and then Dom Toretto Jr. is driving the car and he goes, turns to the hot
 chick and he's like, "Hold on." And then he goes through the window. They're on the...
 They're on the moon. So they've left this domed city on the moon and we just see the vehicle
 flying up into the night sky. They're like, they're just going too fast. They can't even be held on
 the moon with the gravitational pull. So the last shot you see the trailer is just this big rig.
 This monster truck flying through space and this charger flying after it. Dude, tell me you wouldn't
 watch that movie. James Wan. I know you listen to this podcast, make it happen. The last,
 the last of the furious. Okay, there we go. Let's go ahead and get back to the actual topic
 of this podcast. Don't worry guys, I won't do that again. Okay, let me drink some of this Jason
 juice. What is it? J juice? It's the same cup. Anyways, here we go. Let's go to Mollewa.
 Mason Norbeck also recommended this story. This is the last story of Empire Week.
 It's been a fun week. It's been a fun week. So let's go to Mollewa. We're going to take
 Dom Torino's charger. We're going to drive from the moon. We're going to crash land in Mollewa.
 We're going back to 2017. Very, very recent story. Very recent story. And I tried to see if it's
 happening nowadays and I'm pretty sure it is, but you'll understand why we're not getting any reporters
 over there. Mollewa is the country. This is, this mostly affected regions in the south, but again,
 it's pretty widespread. It's, and it actually has gone over into other countries as well.
 There's a Belgian couple driving through Mollewa. And as they're driving on the road, a mob just
 kind of appears out of nowhere and begins attacking the vehicle, begins dragging them out. And
 obviously you're going to be petrified. You're driving on the road, your car gets surrounded
 by 20 people. They have our armed machetes. They're armed with rocks. They're banging on your car.
 They're able to get through the windows. They start punching through the windows if you're a lucky.
 They're trying, they're dragging you out of the car. But what they're calling you,
 sends shivers up your spine. They're calling you bloodsuckers. They're kicking you in the face.
 Vampires beating you up. Cops show up, disperse the mob. There was this entrepreneur, this business
 owner named Orlando Champanda. Also in the same area. He's at his house enjoying just like reading
 the newspaper. He says there's nothing printed because all the reporters have left. They're like,
 screw this. I'm not going to be here. It's the Daily Malawi and it's just, it's just they give
 you a notepad and they're like, make your own news up. We're out. He's sitting at home. 2,000 people
 show up at his house. You're like, party? No. Mob. You should have guessed it from the first part.
 Mob shows up, calling him a vampire, calling him a drinker of human blood. They lay siege to his
 house. They're also armed with machetes and stones and he's hiding in his house. They're laying
 siege to his house. The police show up and it takes the police five out, I think 2,000 people
 surrounding a house. Like he had to, I'm sure it was probably like, like a home alone type thing.
 He was like heating up irons and they're like hitting people on heads and like taking ladders
 and putting tax in them or whatever. He's able to evade the attackers for five hours, which is
 quite the feat. The police show up and it takes them five hours to disperse this crowd. 2,000
 people is a lot of people. Police finally start shooting tear gas into the crowd, which really,
 that should be happening in the first five minutes, but they get the crowd dispersed.
 Now this was reported in 2017. It had been happened earlier that year. What had happened
 where you have in these mobs of people, surround dudes, chicks, it doesn't matter, killing them.
 They had nine people killed over the past previous months. A lot of people just attacked,
 but nine people killed. One of them was a dude with epilepsy and they're like, ah, the vampire,
 look at that weirdo vampire over there, stoned them and then set them on fire while he was still
 alive. So basically they were just attacking these people. They believed that vampires had
 invaded their country August 2018. It's funny because we talked about, I talked about the
 daycare center on yesterday's episode and I was like, it's nothing like that story. It's just a
 daycare center that's gross looking. People have created this whole myth about it. And then you
 have this here. You have this little story I'm about to tell you completely under the rug, never
 heard about it before. It should be fodder for conspiracy theorists. I don't know why it's not.
 In 2018, the BBC sent a television crew, sent a film crew out to go document a string of murders
 in Malawi. They find the killer. They go undercover, right? They meet up with the killer and the killer
 is killing children and selling the blood and body parts of the children to wealthy people.
 So all of that stuff you want to pretend happens in Salt Lake City, I'm not going to preach about
 that again, but all this stuff you want to pretend about happens in Salt Lake City,
 what's happening here? The point where an investigative film crew was able to track him
 down and get him to talk about, oh yeah, I know, I kill kids and I sell the body parts to all these
 wealthy people. It's a conspiracy theorist's wet dream, really. As they're doing this undercover
 sting on this guy, much of vampire hunters show up. A mob shows up and lays siege to these guys and
 the killer gets away. They never found him again. And the BBC crew, they're like, we thought we
 were going to die. Like, we didn't know what was happening. We just got surrounded by a mob,
 people are calling us vampires attacking us. Now, Malawi is the sixth poorest nation in the world.
 And it's the reaction to all of this is so bizarre. So here's where, let's go ahead and go back to
 where these stories came from. You started getting people in towns saying, I woke up in the middle
 of the night and there was a light like fire in my room. And I felt like the blood was getting
 sucked out of me. Here's a quote from one of the people who said they were attacked by a vampire.
 This is not hearsay. I know my blood was sucked. I saw light on the corner of my roof. I failed to
 stand up from my bed and felt something piercing my left arm. The other person who said they saw
 the light like fire in the room, they also felt a piercing in their finger. Now, those aren't the
 only two people. Other people have reported these things, but those two quotes were used over and
 over again because the problem is, is like, humanitarian groups were pulling their people
 out. They're like, we cannot guarantee your safety. There was like some UN outreach group
 pulled their people out. They're like, we can't guarantee your safety. These mobs are just
 thanking everyone's a vampire. So there aren't a lot of reporters on the ground to get more quotes,
 but this surge of attacks getting your blood sucked out. So what's weird though is that the
 accounts we do have from, or the articles we do have regarding this, everyone seems to go,
 oh, they don't really believe in vampires. They believe in this. Let me read you two of these
 headlines here. I think they're interesting way, the way that Western journalists are looking at
 this story. One of the headlines is, "How colonialism fueled deadly anti-vampire hysteria in Malawi."
 Another headline, "Climate change is creating vampires in Malawi." Fairly click baity, but what
 these articles, almost every article I read on this set, listen, these people don't actually believe
 in physical vampires. What they believe in is the inequality between the rich and the poor. They see
 themselves as very poor and they see other people with money and it's a metaphorical vampire. You
 see, it's not a real vampire. And that's when they say, oh, the climate change is destroying the farm
 land. It's mostly agricultural and they're upset at what's going on. So they've created the rumor
 of the vampire to focus their anger on the people who are more wealthy than them. Now, even some
 people who do believe it's a physical vampire say, listen, I'll be honest with you, there's a bunch
 of crooks, a bunch of thieves and thugs that are using the cover of the vampire story to go around
 and beat people up and steal stuff. I'll be honest with you. However, I do believe vampires are, it's
 sucking people's blood. The president of Malawi said in a statement, if people are using witchcraft
 to suck people's blood, I will deal with them. That was president Peter Mathurica. But later,
 he said, there is no evidence of bloodsuckers. It is a lie meant to destabilize the region.
 Those spreading rumors will face the law. Why are they pushing the idea so hard
 that these are metaphorical vampires? I find that really weird and I don't really subscribe to the
 fake news thing a lot. But I find that really weird when in the same articles people are like,
 yeah, I was sleeping in bed and something came into my room and started sucking my blood. In those
 same articles, they'll say, really, people don't believe in vampires. It's just a way for them to
 focus their anger at the rich. But I'm like, you just included two accounts of people who said they
 were physically attacked by vampires. They didn't say Bill Gates and Donald Trump came into their
 room and took their money. They said, I saw a light and something pricked my finger and the
 blood got sucked out. In Mozambique, neighboring country, which is where this really started,
 the vampire paranoia spread from Mozambique, the people started saying there was this town and
 these people said, vampires are attacking us and you're not doing anything about it.
 And the police are like, well, there's no vampires. And then the people go, you're protecting the
 vampires. The police is actively protecting the vampires that are attacking us. And it got so
 bad the town's administrator, which like the top dog, had to leave the city because the people were
 convinced that the police and the local government were aiding vampires and attacking the populace.
 Let's look at a couple of the theories here. One is that the media is correct and this is all just
 a big misunderstanding. When they say bloodsuckers and vampires, what they really mean is income
 inequality. So that's why they're attacking people. It's not because they actually believe in
 witchcraft and vampires, it's that they are trying to, you know, economic revolution. Forget that
 the president said anything about going after people who suck people's blood. No, no, no, no.
 Remember his second statement saying, no, no, no, no, it's to destabilize the region. It's just
 a rumor. This, when I was reading the story, it reminded me of the Chupa Chupa. That was,
 that was I think that was like episode 70 something where I covered Operation Plate. It was
 Brazil's biggest, Brazil's Roswell is what I called it, one of the biggest UFO sightings in
 Brazil. And it went on for months and people would say they'd wake them in the middle of the night,
 there'd be a bright light in their room and they would have piercing pains in parts of their body.
 They felt that the blood was being sucked out of them, so they called them chupa chupas or suck
 sucks. And when I was reading this story, that's really what it reminded me of, honestly. I was
 thinking maybe there's more of like an alien belief here, more of an alien connection. People weren't
 safe in their houses, it was happening all the time. Now in Brazil, it was in one particular
 region and they're just like, well this sucks. And they didn't really know what to do and they got
 some outside help and then the Air Force ended up showing up, the Brazilian Air Force, investigating
 it and it went away after a couple months. This one, these dudes aren't messing around. One, I don't
 think Malawi has an Air Force. And two, they're like, oh no, I got bit by a vampire, I'm going to
 smash your house to pieces. Now people have said in Malawi, because you go, well how come it's only
 like the Belgian couple or other than the epileptic guy, the other entrepreneur, stuff like that,
 the BBC film crew, people have said in Malawi, kind of, there's nothing for free. If you have
 nice things, it means you did something bad to get them. So that's a real conspiratorial belief.
 Someone's doing better than you, they must be a vampire. But that doesn't mean that I think
 they're hunting metaphorical vampires and that seems to be, you see someone who's doing something
 nice, you go, oh they must be a physical vampire, so let's go attack them. Because if I don't,
 then they're going to kill me. These type of rumors aren't new in 1930s in Zambia, which I don't
 think is around anymore, but colonial Zambia. There was a rumor that Europeans were taking the blood
 out of native African people and turning them into cough drops. So again, I think there is kind of,
 you can kind of draw a connection between like colonialism people coming into your country
 and you thinking of them as being blood suckers. But it's one thing for me to go, my boss really
 abuses me versus my boss sneaks into my room at night, pricks my finger and drinks my blood.
 Like I think that that is what they feel is actually happening. They're under physical
 assault and that's why they're physically assaulting other people and killing other people. But here's
 the thing, now of course I don't expect Vice Magazine or wherever I got these articles from.
 And thanks for this too, Mason. Mason, I don't know if I said this earlier, this is one of the
 topics Mason sent me, but British Newspapers, BBC.com, Vice.com, I don't expect them to say
 vampires are real, but let's look at this logically for a second. If you were a vampire,
 where would you go? Like really, if you were a vampire and you wanted to feed indiscriminately,
 people have always said, oh you know you go to like war, I think I said that on an early
 episode too, go to a war, go to a war-torn area. You feed off all sorts of people, but you'd also
 have a higher chance of getting blown up by a mortar shell. It's not like a vampire from the
 17th century is like, oh I got Bayoneted, big deal, pulls it out, stabs a guy. I mean you're
 walking through a battlefield, a moab falls on top of you. I don't think Dracula can tink a bomb
 that's built to wipe out battalions of troops. I don't think Dracula can even walk away from that.
 So you could go to a battlefield, but you know, then some like Nazi may break out a flamethrower
 and set you on fire. If you were a vampire and you wanted to hunt indiscriminately, if you can
 find one of the top 10 poorest countries on the planet, that's a place to go. You wouldn't be a
 vampire in Beverly Hills. You would be a vampire in Malawi. I don't even think you'd be like a
 vampire in a bad neighborhood in LA, because again there's just too much stuff going on.
 But if you just wanted to eat, that's where you would go. It'd be the perfect cover for you.
 And if you were one of those highfalutin vampires who took all of his money from the 16th century
 and like invested it, you would totally be connected to everything and be like, I just hope
 it's funny because they go out of their way to say no, no, these vampires aren't real.
 But the average person who reads it, including me, goes, no, duh, of course they're not.
 Like you don't have to tell me that vampires aren't real. Vampires are one of the things that I
 would like to be real. Like Bigfoot, I could take them or leave them, but I would have loved if vampires
 really existed. But they don't have to say, I know vampires aren't really attacking. I don't know
 what is going on down there. Maybe some weird superstition, maybe UFO, could be vampire. I don't
 know. But then the fact that the thing is, is they try so hard to prove to me that it's not a
 vampire by making all of these cultural or colonial or environmental, the environmental one
 was the weirdest thing, but environmental connections to it, that that makes me more
 suspicious. I was just like, what? Like just say, oh, it's an old folklore tale. Of course there's
 not vampires there. I don't know why they have to keep doing these write-ups saying, no, no, vampires
 over there. It's this. It's the fact that there hasn't been any rain that's making the vampires
 attack people. And the weirdest thing of all was the serial killer who was killing kids. You
 didn't think I was going to get back to that. I wouldn't tantalize you with that horrible detail.
 The serial killer who as a business is killing kids and selling their blood and body parts to
 wealthy people was only in one article, the BBC article. And that is the most important detail
 because that is proof of not necessarily vampires, but a vampiric activity. Was an legend, was an
 a myth or a fable. He was a man under investigation who got away. Something is haunting the people
 of Malawi. They could simply be haunted by their fears of a paranormal creature. And whenever they
 wake up with an unusual pain or see something odd at night, they attribute it to a vampire.
 They may be haunted by the ghosts of the past still affecting them economically and culturally.
 They could be haunted by thieves using the guise of supernatural enemies to lay siege to people's
 personal belongings. They may be haunted by all those things, but we know for sure that they are
 haunted by a man who kills and sells kids body parts. We know that for a fact. Who is that dude
 selling blood and body parts to? There is no reason why you would need blood and body parts from
 children unless you were a vampire. There is no other reason. Someone is not running a cloning
 workshop over there. The only reason you would need to buy that stuff is if you were a vampire.
 In Molo, I don't understand that. And the fact that this guy can make a living doing it means
 that either he is getting a lot of money for what he does or he has multiple clients or both.
 If there are vampires anywhere in the world, they are in Molo. I find it convenient that we have
 all these other explanations for why people say there are vampires. I find it incredibly convenient
 that the president changed what he said. I also find it convenient that every news story regarding
 these incidents ended in 2018. We haven't heard anything since. Secrecy, confusion, chaos, paranoia.
 The perfect place for a vampire to hunt is Molo. And it's even better if you have that blood
 and gore delivered right to your doorstep. When the president of the country changes what he said
 to say vampires don't exist even though he previously said that they did, he's protecting
 somebody more powerful than he is. And how can a mob try to fight something that powerful?
 They can't. They can just constantly be redirected to attack the wrong targets.
 And all the while it is the perfect cover for a creature that feeds on human blood.
 [Music]
 DeadRabbitRadio.com is going to be our email address. You can also hit us up at facebook.com/deadrabbitradio.
 Twitter is @deadrabbitradio. DeadRabbit Radio is the daily paranormal conspiracy and true crime
 podcast. You don't have to listen to it every day, but I'm glad you listened to it today. Have a great one.
 [Music]
