 Hate lugging your propane tank to the store and back?
 Introducing cinch.
 Cinch delivers propane grill tanks right to your door.
 Right now, get your first tank exchange delivered for just $10.
 Use code "FUN" at checkout.
 Visit cinch.com.
 Limited time offer restrictions apply.
 Visit cinch.com/offer for details.
 The mechanical death traps that lay all around us.
 And then we cover a story that reminded me of why
 I love doing this show so much.
 Get your backpacks on.
 We're headed into the ravine today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hey, everyone.
 Welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host, Jason Carpenter.
 I'm having a great day.
 I hope you guys are having a great day, too.
 Hope you guys had a great weekend.
 It was pretty chill out here.
 The weather's been pretty nice.
 I was doing some research, and I found a fascinating story.
 We're going to do that second.
 Also, while I was researching that,
 I found a series of stories that were gruesome and scarily
 mundane, scarily weird, scarily a word.
 Anyways, OK, they were scary.
 So we're going to start off with that.
 Now, I was trapped in an elevator when I was a little boy.
 I had to have been.
 It was probably back in like 1982, 1983.
 So I would have been about six or seven years old.
 And this was when my dad was still in college,
 and we lived on campus.
 And it was funny.
 A bunch of crazy stuff happened at that campus.
 Some dude robbed a comic book store,
 and he was selling all the comics for like 25 cents, 50
 cents each.
 And I got Daredevil issue two through maybe 28
 for a couple bucks, which back then, to be fair, a quarter.
 You could go to the movies by popcorn and a six pack of beer.
 Like back in the 80s, money went much further.
 That's why Daredevil is actually one of my favorite heroes.
 It was the first comic book.
 I read all those stolen comics from the local comic book
 store.
 But anyways, California Baptist College and Riverside,
 California, I was trapped in an elevator
 with my older brother and two hot co-eds.
 Now, I didn't know they were hot at the time.
 I kind of had a feeling that they were hot, but I was like seven.
 You know, I wasn't really that into girls,
 plus they were brunettes.
 So, you know, but it sucked.
 It totally sucked.
 We were in there for a couple hours,
 and I was crying the whole time, and I wanted to pee my pants.
 And my older brother was like, if you weren't there, man,
 I would have gotten their phone numbers.
 He was like 12 at the time.
 Anyways, so they spent the time.
 But maybe I was pretending to cry because I
 wanted to get some motherly love from these hot--
 most likely I actually was crying and peeing my pants.
 Anyways, even through that whole experience,
 I never became afraid of elevators.
 Never developed an elevator fetish, either,
 which is kind of odd now that I think about it.
 But I wonder if people do have elevators--
 that's a stupid question.
 Of course, people have elevator fetishes.
 Looking at-- what I'm trying to say
 is I've never had a fear of elevators.
 But when you really kind of step back and think about it,
 it's one of the most bizarre modes of transportation
 that we use.
 Because most of the other ones we have,
 other than submarines, you can look out of.
 Or armored car, you're being transported because the Joker
 is trying to kill you.
 Like, for the most part, transportation
 are designed as a level of comfort and visibility.
 People do not like being trapped in places with no windows.
 And you get into this box that closes.
 And then for a certain amount of time,
 it moves in one direction or another, like elevators--
 you know how elevators work.
 But when that door reopens, you have no idea what's
 on the other side of that door.
 You can get in an elevator, the door closed,
 it goes up five levels, door open, fire,
 door open, zombie apocalypse.
 Door opens-- any possibility, because you can't see out of it.
 Now, of course, now that I'm saying that,
 I realize there are different types of elevators.
 And some of them are like cargo elevators,
 where you can visibly see they're not
 worried about zombies stumbling in.
 But consumer level elevators are quite scary, in a sense.
 So that whole segue goes into this.
 I think people are always afraid of elevators
 like plummeting, like you're in an elevator,
 and you think, if this falls down,
 have they been falling up?
 If you die in an elevator, could you jump the last moment?
 Apparently, you're supposed to lay down
 in the middle of an elevator.
 So you have to be right in the middle of the elevator,
 and you make your body as wide as possible.
 That will help absorb the impact.
 So you don't die.
 But the problem is, when's the last time
 you've been on an elevator by yourself?
 So don't tell anyone else that tip.
 So if you're ever in an elevator with someone else,
 and it starts to fall, you get down on the ground,
 spread out in the middle, and if someone's screaming,
 what are you doing, what are you doing?
 You say, I'm going to take the full blow
 of the impact for you, my love.
 You will survive this impact.
 I will die for you.
 And then they get horribly mangled, and you're fine.
 Well, I'm sure you have massive internal bleeding,
 but you're probably gonna live.
 Don't tell anyone else that tip,
 'cause otherwise everyone's
 gonna be fighting for the middle spot.
 Getting to the point of this story.
 Getting to the point of the story.
 There was a very famous incident of a man in New York
 who was trapped in an elevator.
 I don't know why I forgot that word all of a sudden,
 that's all I've been talking about.
 Was trapped in an elevator for 41 hours,
 and there's actually video footage of him
 and what he endured during that 41 hours.
 Now, it's something I wouldn't have thought about at the time,
 but I would think, well, cover this for another episode
 if I was trapped in an elevator by myself
 for a period of time,
 I would most likely start masturbating at some point,
 but I didn't realize what there would be
 video cameras in there.
 And two, the lights are always on.
 And now that doesn't mean that I have to masturbate
 into the dark.
 What I mean is that you couldn't sleep,
 'cause elevators tend to be fairly bright.
 So that would suck.
 Like you could see the guy trying to sleep,
 but there's this giant light right over him.
 You see him trying to do a bunch of stuff.
 It's a fascinating video that's in the links.
 It's in the show notes, but,
 and you're like, oh, that's an interesting experience.
 You can tell his grandkids about that.
 So, except the masturbating part.
 However, though, not all stories end as well.
 We're going to the year 2016.
 So very, very recent, very, very recent story here.
 We're going to China and it's January.
 Now, the reason why that's important is
 because it's Chinese New Year.
 So generally for Chinese New Year, you get a week off,
 but a lot of times workers will take days before off
 and days after off.
 And there was this elevator that needed to be repaired.
 And the repairmen were like, we'll get to it after Chinese.
 I wonder if they call it Chinese New Year over there.
 'Cause we don't call it American New Year over here.
 I'm sure that it's some other name.
 But anyway, so they're like,
 after this holiday that we don't know
 what the name of it is, we'll come back.
 And so they make the elevator go,
 this is like an apartment complex.
 They make the elevator go all the way down to the first floor.
 They walk over to it and goes, anyone in there?
 No one says anything.
 So they go, no one must be in there.
 And they leave.
 A month later, after they're done partying,
 or whatever they do during Chinese New Year,
 they come back and the maintenance men come back
 to the elevator and the apartment complex to work on it.
 So for the whole month,
 no one had been able to use this elevator.
 Stairs, stairs all the way up.
 They open up the elevator and there is a woman in there.
 Her hands mangled from trying to claw open the doors.
 She'd been in there for a month.
 Dead, I guess I have to add to that part too.
 She's dead.
 Mangled hands, she's dead.
 Now one of the maintenance workers was actually held
 for negligent homicide, who's actually charged for it.
 What's interesting was that happened in 2016,
 I wasn't able to find any follow-up articles
 as to whether or not this guy was actually convicted of it.
 It's also weird that we don't really have a name
 for the woman.
 It could be from a privacy thing,
 but all we have is her surname, which is Wu.
 And she was in her late 30s to early 40s.
 That's all they inform me.
 And so at this point I'm thinking,
 this story actually might not be true.
 We really don't have a lot of information on it.
 And every article kind of says the exact same details.
 This is her last name.
 They don't know how old she is.
 It was kind of weird.
 And then people in the apartment complex for one,
 and journalists overall were saying,
 "How come no one noticed this woman
 "was missing for a month?"
 And then it kind of spun out into this thing.
 I read an article saying that single women
 should have an app on their phone to alert.
 They don't press the button every day.
 Their loved ones come looking for them.
 I'm thinking, "Isn't that what we do to like six year olds
 "or people who are like severely mentally disabled?"
 I can't believe someone suggested that.
 Women should have an app where they have to check in every day.
 But anyway, someone did.
 There's one, and I read down, I was like,
 "Well, that'd be gruesome."
 And the thing is people go,
 "Oh, she was trapped in there for a month."
 Technically, no, she wasn't.
 I mean, you can go between three days
 and a week without water.
 So I mean, look on the bright side,
 she was only trapped in there for a week most.
 But dying of dehydration, I actually had a monoflareup
 a couple of years ago.
 My throat swelled shut.
 I didn't know what it was.
 I didn't have insurance.
 I was just sitting in my grandma's house
 getting worse and worse and worse,
 waiting for whatever I had to break.
 And I went three days without drinking anything.
 It was too painful.
 I could barely talk.
 And going three days without any,
 I think within three days,
 I had one coffee cup full of water.
 That's all I could get down.
 It was painful, or I felt like,
 that was the closest I ever came to dying a natural death.
 I could feel my body like shutting down.
 Finally, a friend came over,
 Chelsea came over, took me to the ER.
 They put an IV in me and I told the nurse
 when I got that first burst of liquid, I said,
 "It's like taking a shower in sprites."
 It was the most refreshing feeling
 I'd ever had in my life.
 I was that close to just dying
 and then all of a sudden, my body was full of liquid.
 It was beautiful.
 It was beautiful.
 Anyways, to end that story on a less beautiful note,
 as I'm reading about this elevator thing,
 apparently China has a big problem over there.
 They had one month where five people,
 well actually nothing about it, yeah.
 Five people died in one month
 in China due to elevator accidents,
 but China also has a lot of people and it's quite big.
 So I mean, you could just be statistical,
 but they have a lot of industrial problems over there.
 There's so many videos of people.
 One of the videos is a guy is getting,
 it's horrible that you can watch this online,
 but there's a guy getting in an elevator
 and the elevator starts going up
 while he's halfway in, halfway out.
 And then it goes up too fast and it compresses him,
 not like in accordion.
 He's not Tom and Jerry,
 but he gets crushed in between the top of the elevator
 and the floor going up.
 And so his knee is pressed up against his shoulder
 and his other leg is hanging out of the elevator.
 And then it stops 'cause it's jammed and he suffocates.
 So it's not even like he got chopped in half
 like final destination.
 It wasn't a quick death.
 He just kind of sat there and suffocated
 while his friends were watching.
 Horrible.
 But if you think that's bad,
 I hope you don't have an escalator fetish
 because we're still in China for this one.
 This story was, you're like,
 "Jayson, why are you starting off
 "these industrial accident stories?"
 I just found this so interesting
 'cause these are things we use every single day
 for the most part.
 I mean, I don't use escalators all the time,
 but I use them occasionally.
 I didn't even know this was a thing.
 Once my shoelace got stuck in an escalator,
 but I mean, that was fine.
 I just pulled my foot.
 Actually, my dad pulled my foot until the shoelace broke.
 So in China, though, there was a one,
 just fairly recent as well.
 This happened before the elevator incident.
 There's this video footage of two maintenance workers
 at a mall.
 They're standing at the top of an escalator
 and they're discussing something, right?
 And you see a woman and her son
 who appears to maybe be like six or seven
 coming up the escalator.
 And the two guys are just kind of standing there.
 And when the woman and her son
 get to the top of the escalator,
 she takes a step onto where you would assume
 it's supposed to be solid ground
 and know any sort of quick sandish type technology.
 But when she steps off the escalator,
 she steps on a metal plate that then flips off.
 It wasn't attached right.
 She falls into the gears of the escalator
 and it eats her.
 It just grinds her up.
 And as she's getting horribly, horribly mangled,
 she pushes her son to the workers,
 clear of the machinery,
 and she gets chewed up.
 There's video of that too.
 And I was like, I'm not watching that video.
 I didn't watch the elevator video,
 but they're like warning.
 There may be gruesome footage in this video.
 And then they just show you still photographs
 from the camera, like as I'm reading the article
 of one, a guy like stuck in an elevator.
 And then the other one, half a woman in a machine
 pushing her son.
 I'm like, if you're warning me that they've don't,
 not to watch the video,
 why are you showing me some of the photographs from?
 It's just as bad.
 But anyways, apparently just chewed her up.
 And the answer to all that,
 the newspaper in China the next day
 ran an article telling you how to shut off an escalator.
 Wasn't the escalators fault?
 Woman should have known how to hit that button.
 So there we go.
 Our escalator slash elevator,
 or should we call them elevators?
 Those little simple things we use to,
 I wanna say teleport,
 those little simple things we use to transport around,
 millions of people use them every day.
 Some people get squished.
 It's bizarre.
 I mean, and to make it even worse,
 the escalator as the woman was getting chewed up
 and the maintenance guys were working there,
 everyone else is just shopping.
 The dad, the dad of the boy was on another floor,
 shopping and then eventually he sees a commotion.
 He goes down there, his wife's jelly.
 Bizarre dude.
 That would totally ruin your shopping experience.
 That would totally,
 I mean, you would just be bummed out forever.
 So from that, let's go ahead and move on to the ravine.
 Now, the ravine story is one of those things is,
 as I was researching it, I was like, hmm.
 And I do that a lot,
 but then when I get to the end of it, I'm like,
 and I type up all my notes and I'm like,
 okay, I kinda know what approach I'm taking with this,
 but let's start off.
 I will take you down the same path that I traveled.
 The year 1970s, very, very vague thing.
 So right here you think, hmm, this is most likely fake,
 but 1970s.
 I found this article about this event
 that supposedly took place in the 1970s.
 It's in South America, I believe.
 There was a college professor, an unnamed college professor.
 We've done enough episodes where we again,
 know where this story's going.
 The year is, there's no specific year.
 There's no specific name.
 We do know that this college professor
 taught at a college called the University of the Andes.
 He walks out of his office one day after school,
 talks to a couple of his colleagues,
 talks to a couple of students.
 He's walking out to the parking lot,
 generally just a liked guy.
 People know who he is.
 They don't say his name,
 but we'll assume he was very popular before.
 And once this unnamed college professor gets to his car,
 someone says his name, he turns to him,
 he waves goodbye to him, gets into the car,
 and then no one ever saw him again.
 The car was still in the parking lot.
 The last anyone saw was him getting in the car.
 They never saw the car drive away.
 He's been missing for 40 years.
 Now, that supposedly was written up in the L timepo,
 which is Venezuela's largest newspaper.
 It was supposedly written up by a journalist
 known as Sugunda Pena.
 You'll see article after article referring
 to this very vague event, and they'll say,
 "Here's the article,"
 and you click on it, it says, "Page Not Found."
 So, it's possible the story never existed.
 It started as an internet legend,
 and they just linked it to a page that never was there.
 It's possible that the story was published by that newspaper
 at some point, but I see that from time to time
 where older articles are no longer found on that website,
 but they did exist at one point
 because I have them cached somewhere else.
 Or it could be that it was in the newspaper,
 and then they realized that this story is ridiculous,
 and then they removed it from their website.
 All three of those are possible,
 but I can't get any more information on that,
 and there's just nothing specific about it.
 So, who knows whether or not it's true
 in any way, shape, or form,
 but as I kept researching that,
 I found this story.
 This is the story of the girl of the pairs,
 or the pair girl,
 and pair as in, (makes crunching noises)
 like a fruit that you eat,
 not as like two of kind.
 Let's hop into Dead Rabbit Durgible
 because we're gonna leave Venezuela.
 We got across the Atlantic.
 We're going to Spain.
 Specifically, we're going to the island of Tenerife.
 Tenerife, it's one of the,
 it's the largest island in the Canary Islands.
 So, we float over there on the Dead Rabbit Durgible.
 We're going back in time to the year 1910,
 and we're in the year 1910,
 and there's a young girl there,
 not named.
 So again,
 a little suspicious.
 Again, some people place this story not in 1910,
 but 1905.
 So, as I'm reading this, I'm thinking,
 it's still fairly vague.
 We have a girl who's not named.
 Could, there's a five-year difference
 between when the story may have taken place.
 And for the most part, it is considered a legend in the area.
 This young girl is just chilling at her house,
 and they're all eating lunch.
 And the mom says, "Honey, will you go,"
 we'll just call her Honey,
 "Honey, will you go to the pear farm?"
 The pear orchard, I guess is the right word.
 "Your dad wants pears for dessert."
 And she's like, "Yes, mama, I will go get pears.
 "That'll be a fun adventure.
 "I'll go get my friends."
 And the mom's like, "Yeah, your friends."
 'Cause she knows she doesn't have any friends.
 She's kind of a loser.
 So, Honey goes out into the village
 and tries to round up some friends.
 Says, "Hey, do you guys wanna go pick pears
 "for my dad?
 "He needs..."
 I imagine like you just don't need a pear for dessert.
 I figure if that, you would just have pears
 on the dinner table.
 They probably like covered them in honey
 or sugar or something like that.
 But anyways, so she's like,
 "Hey, do you guys wanna go into the orchard with me
 "to go get pears?"
 And her friends, she actually did have friends.
 Her mom just doesn't think very highly of her.
 Her friends go, "Oh, no way, dude.
 "Because we know where that pear orchard is."
 Now, this pear orchard was owned by the honey's family.
 And it was in a place called Baranco de Chamoco.
 And that area is littered with caves.
 And going far, far back, the people living there
 believe that the caves are inhabited by spirits.
 It's not a place you wanna go.
 It's definitely not a place you wanna go as a child.
 The whole place is just generally spooky.
 It's basically Elm Street but a ravine full of caves
 and people disappear.
 So she can't get any of her friends to go with her.
 She goes, "Well, I gotta go get the pears.
 "Like, I have to go."
 So she goes off into the ravine
 and she starts picking pears.
 And when she's in the ravine,
 she starts to feel just the heat of the sun on her.
 She's like, "Oh my God, it's so hot.
 "I wish my dad didn't eat pears.
 "I wish my dad was allergic to pears
 "and I can give him one and he just swells up and die.
 "I hate my dad so much.
 "I hate him so much."
 But as she's having these horrible thoughts,
 just the sun's beaten down on her.
 And she begins to notice a very cool mist in the area
 and she's thinking, "That's not normal."
 And she's watching this mist kind of roll through the ravine.
 And it's enveloping her skin
 and she just immediately feels a cool relief
 from the hot, hot sun.
 She's almost lost in the mist at this point.
 And that's when a tall figure,
 dressed in all white, appears out of the mist
 and leads her down what she described
 as an impossibly long corridor.
 And she goes, "At first I was scared, obviously,
 "because this is something completely out of the ordinary.
 "But I felt compelled to keep walking
 "and the creature or the person or whatever it was
 "kept making hand signals.
 "That's the only way it could communicate with honey
 "was by making hand signals to her
 "of where to go, how to follow her.
 "And that was the only way the creature
 "could communicate with honey."
 So they walk all the way down this passage
 and eventually she said it opened up
 into a beautiful orchard.
 Like they were on this little precipice
 and she looked down, she saw this orchard going
 as far as the eye could see.
 She said, "Every type of fruit,
 "every type of tree you can imagine was there."
 And the valley was littered with people
 just like the stranger who let her down the cave.
 She said, "It looked like a watercolor painting in motion."
 She's the most beautiful thing she'd ever seen.
 She immediately felt this just sense of peace
 and joy come over her.
 Now, when I'm reading this, I'm thinking at this point,
 what she inhaled was most likely some sort of noxious
 or toxic gas since she had a near-death experience.
 We have the tunnel of light,
 we have the beat overcome with a sense of joy and wonder.
 We have a guardian angel type figure.
 And I'm like, "Okay, she walked out there,
 "the earth farted, she started to pass out
 "because of some sort of carbon dioxide overdose."
 And then she woke up.
 But as I'm continuing to read this story,
 she's in the cave and eventually her guide,
 the tall being, began to motion her away
 and motioned her back down with his hand saying,
 "Hey, come here, come here, you can do it,
 "you're a good girl, good girl."
 Motioning her, that's the only way they could communicate
 back down the corridor.
 And then she finds herself back in the pair orchard.
 But the first thing she notices, the cool mist is gone
 and it is 10, 15 degrees hotter than when she left.
 And she's thinking, "There is no way
 "it could be this hot all of a sudden."
 And now she's getting scared again
 because now she's back in our world
 and she's experiencing something
 that she shouldn't experience.
 So anyway, she gets to Paris
 'cause she still has to do her job
 and she's just figuring, "I'll tell them about the
 "monster people in the valley and all that stuff."
 It'll be a cool story while we're eating Paris.
 She makes her way out of the ravine
 and she notices a road that wasn't there
 when she went into the ravine.
 She's like, "Uh-oh, is this something?"
 Okay, okay.
 And as she's walking down the road,
 she begins to see cars driving on the road,
 which she described as futuristic looking cars.
 But she is finally able to make her way home
 and there her mother, her now middle-aged mother greets her.
 It's the year 1940, 30 years past
 while she was in the ravine.
 And the mother calls out and says,
 "It's my girl, it's my girl."
 Her name was, her name became, or the story is,
 "La Nina de Las Paris."
 Paras or the Paragirl is how it's kind of known.
 So it's a local legend in that area
 about this girl who went looking for Paris
 in this ravine that everyone knows is haunted
 and then came back 30 years later.
 So interesting story,
 possible proof of a time slip,
 most likely a local legend of a spooky place.
 And again, a lot of these legends have a core moral value.
 This one would be kids don't go there alone.
 You go there alone, something bad may happen.
 Stay out of there.
 You know, that's how these urban legends are created.
 But as I'm reading that article, I go,
 "This sounds familiar.
 This sounds really familiar."
 You know, when I watched "Buffet of Empire Slayer"
 it's funny because my favorite character on that show
 was Giles.
 Love that, love that character.
 I always loved the idea of like researching books
 and like having like five books out on the table
 and going through it and trying to like solve this mystery.
 He was always my favorite character.
 I always felt more like,
 I always felt he was the most relatable one
 'cause that's kind of the way that I approached stuff.
 Not like I ever fought demons, well actually I did.
 But the point is is that I always liked that ideal
 and even that visual,
 aesthetic, whatever, that thing that you look at
 and you go, "I like that."
 So I'm reading this article in the coffee shop.
 It was getting ready to just be another weird disappearing
 thing I was gonna do about the guy in the car
 and then go, "Oh, here's a local legend I found too."
 But as I'm reading it, I said, "I've heard this story."
 And not only have I heard it,
 I heard it almost 2000 miles away.
 We're going to Moscow.
 So outside of Moscow, there is a place known as
 Golosov Ravine.
 In the year 1621, a detachment of Tatar horsemen,
 we've covered them before in the Great Mud Flood thing,
 the empire that's pretty much been erased
 from the history books.
 In 1621, a detachment of Tatar horsemen show up
 at the Tsarist Palace and are immediately taken prisoner
 'cause they shouldn't be there at all.
 And when they're being questioned, they go,
 "What are you doing here?
 "Why are you, why did a bunch of like Caldremen
 "show up here in the middle of the day?"
 And they go, "We have some questions."
 Yes, to be fair, we did try invading you guys,
 but something's wrong, something's off.
 And as they're basically being questioned
 by the Russian forces,
 'cause the Tatar empire and the Russians
 did not like each other.
 I guess if you didn't listen to that episode,
 they hated each other actually.
 But anyways, as the Russians were trying to figure out
 why these guys showed up in the middle of nowhere,
 they start to notice something.
 One, they appeared out of the middle of nowhere,
 but two, their armor was old
 and not like old and rusted and busted and stuff like that.
 It was an old style armor.
 It was an armor that the Tatar empire had not used
 since 1570, 50 years earlier.
 And what the Tatar soldiers were saying was,
 "Listen, when we were there at the Battle of Moscow,
 "you guys started with an R-Butt.
 "You guys are far more better prepared
 "than we gave you credit for."
 So we, us group of guys took off and we hid,
 and the investigators going,
 "Let me guess, let me guess,
 "you hid in Golosov, Ravine."
 Tatar soldiers like, "Yeah, how'd you know?"
 And the Russians go, "You know, that place is haunted.
 "We don't, it's not a place that we go.
 "It's just this weird placement,
 "a lot of disappearances and stuff like that there."
 And this may be the cause of a why.
 And the Tatar soldiers said, "Yes, we went,
 "we hid in the Ravine and a mist rolled through the Ravine."
 Next thing we knew, we came out of the Ravine.
 We noticed things weren't right.
 None of our other soldiers were here.
 Couldn't get a hold of anybody.
 Lost and with nothing else to do,
 we came back to Moscow thinking,
 "Hey, maybe we won the battle."
 Or maybe we could just get some answers.
 But that's not it.
 That's not what I was reminded of
 when I read the story of the Paragirl.
 Golosov Ravine, 1832.
 Two local peasants get drunk.
 They're having a good time, just hanging out.
 Just chilling, throwing their arms around each other,
 tickling each other.
 And these two peasants say, "You know what?
 "Let's take a shortcut home through Golosov Ravine."
 I'm like, "Okay, why'd you pronounce it differently
 "that time than you did every other time?"
 He's like, "I don't know, I'm drunk."
 So these two peasants go into the Ravine,
 a mist rolls through.
 They come out of the Ravine, 20 years had passed.
 When they get home, their wives don't recognize them.
 But they had a bit of a different twist on their story.
 They said, when the two peasants said,
 "When we went into the Ravine,
 "the mist rolled through
 "and a giant corridor appeared out of nowhere."
 Out of that corridor, a tall, hairy person walked
 and communicated with us only using their hands.
 And led us back out of the corridor.
 The Tatar story and the two peasants' story,
 supposedly, were both investigated by the government.
 The Tatar story was apparently like that,
 was an official report was filed with the Russian government
 over why these soldiers showed up out of nowhere.
 And again, reportedly, the peasants' story
 was an official police transcript.
 And when the police went out to the Ravine
 to investigate whether or not their story was true,
 one of the officers disappeared.
 Those particular details, I can't verify.
 I found articles talking about it,
 but I couldn't find actually a police report from 1832.
 Those may or may not exist.
 What I find fascinating is these two stories,
 one in Golosov Ravine and one in the Canary Islands.
 Separated by decades and thousands of miles,
 have similarities.
 Now, normally, if the story is completely made up,
 they will say this is similar to what happened
 at Golosov Ravine.
 Or Golosov Ravine's story,
 if they took the idea from the Paragirl,
 they'll say, you know, there's precedence for this,
 something else like this happened in the Canary Islands.
 As far as I can tell, these two stories
 have never, ever been connected.
 And all of my research, I have never found
 one referencing the other.
 The resources on Golosov Ravine are almost all in Russian.
 There's like a short Wikipedia article
 and a couple articles in English,
 and all of the sourced material is in Russian.
 I added translation stuff.
 The Canary story, again,
 like I had to go to websites and translate from Spanish.
 These two stories, as far as I can tell,
 have never been connected.
 And they both, even if certain details are wrong,
 like the 1905s to the 1910,
 the details of a ravine,
 full of mist, a long tunnel,
 a tall person, one of them they're hairy
 and one of them they're just tall.
 They don't say how much hair they have.
 They could be like a smooth otter body.
 Could be a full on bear, we don't know.
 But you have the ravine,
 you have the mist,
 you have the tunnel,
 you have something tall,
 only communicating with their hands
 and most importantly of all, time jumps.
 Totally blew my mind when I was reading it and I go.
 And I thought this sounds familiar.
 And I remember when I was pulling back up my Golisov ravine,
 which I was gonna do as a separate story,
 just a small story.
 As I was pulling that up, I said,
 "I know it has to do with mist and ravine,
 "but I'm pretty sure they also said something
 "about only using their hands to communicate."
 And I pulled it up and that was the case.
 This makes me think that this is very, very real.
 This makes me think that this not only has happened,
 but more interesting enough can happen again.
 But what's weird is you wouldn't have proof of it
 for decades.
 Is there a limit to how long you're in that tunnel
 to how long it takes for you to get out?
 Even if some sort of parapsychologist
 wanted to replicate this,
 he's gonna be like, "Okay, seeing in 60 years,
 "like, is there any way to test something like that?"
 I honestly think, I could be wrong on this,
 but I honestly think that this is the first time
 those two events have been connected.
 And if that's the case,
 this stuff has not been researched at all.
 Because generally, the one in the Canary Islands
 is considered a local legend.
 It would basically be like if a scientist wanted
 to investigate whether or not there were real witches
 in Salem.
 Like you'd be like, "Of course there are not.
 "Like we have all of the,
 "it was just a legend people made up to like,
 "persecute single women and stuff like that.
 "I think these ravines are real.
 "I think the mist can send you forward in time."
 I think this story gets added to the list of conspiracies
 or things I believe in.
 Because either someone made up these stories
 decades ago and never connected them
 and just thought it'd be funny if someday someone
 stumbled across both of them.
 Or in two parts of the world,
 in two similar circumstances,
 people traveled into the future in the same way.
 If this is true, it's groundbreaking.
 If you can warp time like that on Earth,
 if we have a natural time machine
 that shoots people forward in time,
 do you understand?
 I mean, really that would change so much.
 But are they real?
 We'd have to test them.
 And then wait and wait and wait for the answer.
 Or we just step into the mists ourselves.
 DeadRabbitRadio@gmail.com is gonna be your email address.
 You can also hit us up at facebook.com/deadrabbitradio.
 Twitter is @jasonocarpenter.
 DeadRabbitRadio is the daily paranormal conspiracy
 and true crime podcast.
 You don't have to listen to it every day,
 but I'm glad you listened to it today.
 Have a great one, guys.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
