 Before your peaceful morning turns into this, set aside a little me time and ease into your
 day with Honey Bunches of Oats cereal.
 Those sweet flakes and crunchy granola keep your happy tank fueled up, so when it's time
 to get moving, you're ready!
 With the boost you need to be your best self, it's amazing what a little me time can do!
 So make Honey Bunches of Oats cereal part of your morning routine, and make a bunch happen!
 Pick up a box of Honey Bunches of Oats in the cereal aisle today!
 Theories about what UFOs are and where they come from seem to multiply, as a federal deadline
 to release classified documents grows closer.
 A man believes that he was abducted by blue bird aliens, but only him!
 If you were abducted by them, he'll see you in court.
 Then we travel to Chile to take a look at the story of two friends hanging out in their
 car late one night.
 They think they're just going to have a fun conversation.
 Instead they come face to face with an interdimensional hobo.
 Today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host Jason Carpenter, I'm having a great day.
 I hope you guys are having a great day too, I hope you guys had an awesome weekend.
 First off, let's give a shout out to our newest Patreon supporter, Riding Into Dead
 Rabbit Command right now on the back of a giant tarantula.
 It's Space Vomit!
 I'm going to have to apologize, it's this pile of vomit floating in zero gravity, but
 I wanted to add the tarantula in there.
 Tarantula's walking in.
 Space Vomit!
 You're going to be our captain, our pilot this episode.
 If you guys can't support the Patreon, or if you aren't regurgitated food in the middle
 of the darkest void, that's fine too, just help spread the word about the show.
 It really helps out a lot.
 Someone scoop Space Vomit into that bucket, I'm going to toss the keys into the bucket,
 pour the bucket in the Jason Jalopy, we are leaving behind Dead Rabbit Command, we are
 headed out to the Pentagon.
 Space Vomit is somehow driving this vehicle.
 I did a story on this a while back, that the US government had 120 days to reveal what
 they knew about UFOs.
 Or an unidentified aerial phenomenon is what the government usually refers to this stuff
 as, UFO is a pop culture term.
 Because UFO makes you think like space aliens.
 And so that deadline is coming up, I believe in June next month.
 And the problem is, is because those two terms get conflated a lot, when Barack Obama is
 on the James Corden show and he goes, "Yeah, there is stuff that our pilots have seen that
 we can't make heads or tails of, unidentified aerial phenomenon," that went around the world
 super fast saying Barack Obama confirmed the existence of UFOs.
 And when you think UFOs, you think little green men.
 He didn't do that.
 He didn't do that at all.
 He said that there is stuff out there that we just can't identify.
 It's the same, at the end of the day it's the same thing.
 But one makes you think X-Files and one makes you think anything from a weather balloon to
 an advanced drone to alien craft.
 It could be any of those things.
 You have, in your mind, you automatically think aliens because it's been connected so long.
 Now what's going to happen in June?
 Nothing, right?
 They're not going to actually reveal any information that's going to lead to the existence of aliens.
 They're not going to do that.
 Even if there's a guy at the FBI who has a big book of his favorite aliens and they
 autographed it and he looks at the calendar and he's like, "Oh, I got to reveal your guys'
 identities."
 They're not going to reveal this stuff.
 It's going to be some smoke and mirrors thing or they'll be like, "What deadline?
 What deadline is it that they hold a gun to everyone's head at the same time in the world?"
 But there's a scarier version of this.
 And I actually was having dinner last night with some friends.
 One of them was an ex-air force fighter pilot and now he works in the private sector.
 Now he flies jets for supervillains.
 He takes out Invincible and the team team.
 So now he does design and stuff like that and I asked him about this stuff.
 Generally Air Force pilots nowadays, or pilots in general, love to talk about this stuff.
 Back in the day, you'd get laughed out.
 You'd get laughed out if you mentioned it.
 But nowadays it's just a different thing.
 And he goes, "We don't know what they are.
 We don't know what they are."
 Which is pretty much the answer to your here.
 But here is the thing.
 They will never reveal aliens exist in June.
 That's not going to happen.
 What if they come forward in June and they go, "Unidentified aerial phenomenon.
 Call them UFOs, call them what you want."
 Since 1949, we've been seeing these things over the skies of America, over the skies
 of the world.
 We don't know what they were.
 We have some suspicions.
 90% of them were false.
 90% of them were fake.
 And the other 10% we can now clearly say that they have Chinese technology.
 The Chinese government has technology and they've had it since 1949 that outstrips anything
 that any other power is.
 How would that make you feel?
 I'm assuming you're not a Chinese resident.
 If you're a Chinese resident, that would make you feel great.
 How would that make you feel no matter what country you live in if 10% of all these UFO
 stories was Chinese technology, arrival country's technology?
 That answer is more logical than a space race.
 I believe in aliens.
 And I've talked about this several times on my show, but a space race from 10 million
 light years away or even just 10 million miles away coming back and forth to Earth.
 How would you feel about that?
 If in June they go, "Okay, we'll admit it.
 China has more advanced technology than we have."
 And we've covered it up because we thought it would make you panic.
 Don't panic.
 So when we look for these answers, remember, I think this is really interesting.
 There's a chance that we're going to find an answer that not only isn't the romantic
 answer that we wanted, but kind of sucks, right?
 It's one thing to think that the great aliens have more advanced technology than we do because
 we really don't know their motives.
 So we really don't want to, we know like they want to like have no nukes and be all hippy
 and stuff like that.
 Sure, they cut a couple of buttholes out of cows and a few humans, but other than that,
 we don't really know what they want.
 I'm not in the anti-butthole cutting for one.
 I'm against that.
 But versus, we know what the Chinese government wants.
 You'd be like, "Well, I guess they have this advanced capability."
 So it's an interesting thing to look at.
 And I also wanted to share this too.
 I got this from the Patreon Discord.
 Mr. C posted this.
 It's fairly short.
 I'll put it in the show notes, but it just goes to show like how many interesting theories
 we can have about UFOs that are outside of the normal abduction experience that we're
 used to.
 Because we cover mostly abduction experiences on this show versus UFO sightings.
 And I think we lose sight that UFO sightings are far, far, far more numerous than the stories
 we cover where people are getting peamed aboard and getting their buttholes cut out.
 Like I love those stories because they are anomalies.
 I cover them all the time because they are anomalies.
 But most of the time it's just someone going, "Martha, look!"
 And there's like a little doo-doo-doo-doo in the sky.
 And then maybe occasionally some dude's getting abducted and there's a talking bear and things
 like that.
 And that is amazing.
 That is if the Chinese are not responsible for the talking bear stories.
 But all of that other technology, like a good chunk of that, could actually be Earthbound.
 But I thought this was really cool.
 Mr. C put this on the Patreon Discord and I thought it was cool.
 And it's basically another idea of what UFOs or UAPs could be.
 And this was posted originally by Lerker1125.
 And it's, what if UFOs?
 And this would make so much sense.
 I've heard this theory even put forward by scientists, not on anonymous Reddit boards
 that were aware of this game from anything that's Reddit.
 It would be the easiest thing for an alien planet to explore.
 The cosmos would be what we're doing right now.
 We're sending unmanned vehicles out.
 So we have Voyager that's left the solar system.
 We have little rovers doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo walking around on Mars.
 They're not even cool enough to walk around.
 They roll around.
 And so one of them's a helicopter now.
 They're slowly evolving.
 And one of the point is that it would make far more sense for an alien species to instead
 of putting a bunch of aliens on a ship and flying it across the void.
 Because modern science says you just can't do that.
 To make drones.
 To fly out across the cosmos.
 And this theory is basically like all of these vehicles that we see, there is no pilot.
 There is no alien on board.
 And it's just a drone.
 And you're like, well that's fine too, right?
 Because you can wave to the drone and be like, we're here.
 And the message is being sent back to an alien planet.
 But the alien planet that sent those drones out, they could have been long dead.
 What we're seeing in the sky could be ghosts of an old civilization.
 Their program not to make contact with us.
 They're just here to observe and report.
 They zip around.
 We can never catch them.
 They're gone.
 They go underwater.
 They disappear.
 And that's it.
 And we think, oh maybe we will have contact with these things someday.
 But the masters who built those things have been dead tens of thousands of years.
 And we're basically a cargo cult.
 Like the tribes on the islands that when they would see airplanes passing overhead, they're
 like, tell us your secrets.
 We have whole swaps of humanity looking up at these things going, how are you going to
 save us?
 And it's just empty vessels reporting back to dead planets.
 So that doesn't cheer you up.
 I mean, I just think it's an intro.
 We have so many theories about these things.
 My personal theory.
 Put our conspiracy caps on and then I'm taking mine back off because I believe aliens are
 local.
 I believe they've either been, I don't believe in ancient aliens, oddly enough, but I believe
 that aliens have either been on this planet for 100,000, 200,000, a million years.
 There's not enough of them to overthrow us.
 And they live underground.
 Not Halloworth, but they live in the cave systems.
 They live underwater.
 All these UFOs we see are local UFOs.
 They didn't start off here.
 But they're here now.
 Whether it was crashed, maybe they were on some sort of mission a long time ago and then
 their planet blew up.
 They're like, "Ting it!"
 I think it's that or I think they're interdimensional.
 Or they're from localized in the solar system.
 I could say there's aliens on Mars and someone would laugh.
 They're like, "What?
 That's unscientific.
 Lights faster than lights we travel."
 Now that's, it'd be far more logical for these things to be from inside the solar system
 or inside the planet.
 Because think about this.
 All the footage we've had of UFOs in our air.
 All of the photos you can dispute a ton of them, but you have eyewitness accounts versus
 we've never, other, like every so often there'll be a glitch and you'll be like, "Oh,
 look at that black cube floating by the sun."
 There's no photos of mother ships in orbit around Earth.
 There's none.
 We've never caught images of a ship coming past Pluto headed towards Earth.
 We have tons of photos and video footage of aliens on Earth.
 So I think they're localized.
 I think they either are originally from the solar system or they use the solar system
 at...
 I don't think I've ever really gone into detail with my views on UFOs.
 I don't believe...
 They may have come from far, far off in the distance.
 Millions of years ago, but I don't think...
 I don't think the UFO you see now, they ZOO take back off and then there's like an alien
 bowing before an alien king.
 Lord Mlock Block!
 I've recently come from the planet known as Earth.
 I don't...
 It's so scientific it doesn't make sense.
 But maybe there...
 Maybe King Mlock Block is in Mars.
 And he's chilling there.
 It's his vacation home.
 He's spent the last 10,000 years there.
 Lord Mlock Block!
 I've just come from the planet I know what planet you're from.
 It's right next door.
 Or aliens are interdimensional.
 I've never said that I don't think aliens exist.
 I just don't believe they're coming from so far away.
 So that's my theory.
 I think I've talked about that on the show, bits and pieces here and there.
 I don't think I've ever laid it out.
 So they're either interdimensional.
 They've been here for millions of years or they've been here for millions of years,
 but they're not based on Earth.
 They're from the moon or they're from Mars.
 They are from somewhere else, but they've made bases there.
 That's my theory.
 And I'm complaining because Barack Obama didn't back me up.
 And then we have...
 Remember Trump talked about aliens too and he's like, "I don't believe in them."
 Trump specifically said, "I don't believe in aliens."
 He goes, "But our boys were...
 They're seeing some weird stuff in the sky.
 Seeing some weird stuff in the sky."
 Barack Obama said that he...
 When he first joined the presidency, when he first joined that club, he asked, "Do we
 have aliens?"
 And he was told a couple days later...
 It took him a couple days to figure that out.
 They go, "No, there's no aliens."
 And then he talked about UAP.
 So they both say the two things are different, which I think is a way we have to think about
 it, because it is very, very likely that this technology that is physics-defying and
 has all this capability to shut off our nuclear bombs and zip across the sky.
 We can never catch it.
 It might belong to another government on Earth.
 And that would be more troubling than it coming from an alien planet, because we don't know
 what aliens are up to, but we know how sinister humans can be when they have a technological
 advantage.
 Space vomit.
 I'm going to go ahead and toss you the handles, form little gross hands to hold onto the hang
 hair glider.
 We're going to jump in his bucket of vomit, and he's going to...
 Fly us out from the Pentagon all the way to a courthouse in Colorado.
 And I gotta do the sound effect again for the transition.
 I got most of this information from an article in The Daily Beast by Will Sommer, and it's
 just...
 You know what?
 We've talked about this before.
 We've talked about this guy in particular before.
 There's a man known as Corey Good.
 We talked about him on Episode 47.
 He was in the very first season of Dead Rav Radio.
 He was the one who said that reptilians were snatching kids off streets in the United States,
 shipping them to Antarctica as slaves.
 And I also believe he was part of our Mars story as well.
 Because kids are being kidnapped there and I don't know why the reptilians would be like
 "No, only Antarctica.
 Why are there a bunch of lizard people in the coldest part of the planet?"
 Anyways, Corey Good, we've talked about him at least once on the show, I believe more
 than once.
 Fascinating character, and this...
 You guys are smart.
 No dummy listens to this show, right?
 No one who is dummy listens to this show.
 You guys are smart.
 We may get hoodwinked from time to time, sure.
 But we're not dumb.
 And this story highlights the difference between us and people who subscribe to other podcasts
 and other streaming services that I will unname right now, but I will name later.
 But it's a different...
 It's a different group of people I'm calling dummies.
 Not the people I'm about to name.
 So for legal reasons, just to be polite.
 So Corey Good is on the streaming service called Gaia.
 And we've talked about them before too.
 I described it as Oprah level metaphysics.
 It's really just like wine moms talking about spirituality.
 It started off as interesting, I looked into this.
 It started off as an exercise brand and the guy was like "Hmm, I'm making millions of
 dollars off of these bicycles."
 What I really want to do is have people sit down for hours on end and watch conspiracy
 content.
 So he started Gaia and it has a more of a...
 I shouldn't call it conspiracy content.
 It has more of a spirituality bent.
 But over time, I have this theory, over time, all content bends towards the conspiracy.
 It just happens.
 You can have a news network that starts off just the facts.
 And then over time, it'll start reporting more and more information that backs up the
 people who run the news agency's beliefs, which tends to become conspiracy theory.
 And you see it with true crime podcasts have a problem with it as well, even if they're
 just doing true crime stuff.
 Eventually they start to get this warped sense of justice or...
 It's really weird.
 It's really weird.
 You stay long enough in any lane, eventually it'll begin to warp towards conspiracy.
 Not us, we're already fully in the conspiracy theory lane.
 Started off as this spirituality movement.
 Then it starts getting into ancient aliens and more conspiracy content.
 So Cory Good does this thing where he says that when he was six years old, he was abducted
 by the blue avians.
 Ka-ka!
 And it's exactly what you think it is.
 It...
 I'm not thinking anything.
 When I hear those two words, we're together.
 I'm thinking maybe like a little blue macaw on Cory Good's shoulder.
 They're six foot tall bird aliens.
 They're blue.
 Also, they're blue.
 It's not like they're sad all the time.
 They're not huge fans of Eiffel 65.
 They're six foot tall blue birds.
 Fascinating imagery.
 I'm a huge fan of insectoids because they don't get enough love in UFOology.
 And now we have the avians.
 The blue avian.
 He was abducted and he was taught all these psychic skills and stuff like that.
 And then he was abducted.
 Like they're like, "See you later!"
 And as the birds are taking him back home, someone else abducts him.
 He's abducted by the secret space program and he's part of this thing called 20 and
 Back where you do 20 years guaranteed in the secret space program and then you're sent
 back home.
 And then no one's allowed to abduct you from here on out.
 Secret space program.
 I've covered that before.
 It's exactly what it says.
 The governments of the world have a space program that you don't know about.
 There you go.
 And it hovers around the moon and they have basals on Mars and stuff like that.
 So secret space program.
 Blue avians.
 20 and Back.
 So he has this show on Gaia called Cosmic Disclosure.
 And he has a co-host and they sit and they talk about like, "Oh dude, you won't believe
 what happened last weekend.
 What happened to you, Corey?"
 Well I was walking on the street and I got abducted by a bunch of blue birds.
 And then he would tell this other story and it kind of just goes on and on and on.
 Well he left the show in 2018.
 His co-host left earlier.
 But in 2018, Corey goes like, "You know what?
 I don't want to do this anymore."
 And Corey's always back wounds all over him.
 He's covered in bandages.
 He's like, "If I get abducted by these birds one more time, I'm going to lose it."
 He quits the show.
 This is a big rated show for Gaia, right?
 Because it sounds ultra ridiculous.
 Who doesn't want to sit around and listen to an adult man to see he got kidnapped by
 birds last week?
 And there's a new episode every single week.
 Who doesn't want to watch that?
 So you can watch the insanity of a man wash over him.
 He's just throwing crackers everywhere.
 He's like, "Take these birds!
 Take the crackers and not me!"
 He doesn't want to watch that.
 There's no CGI recreation.
 I've never seen it but I'm just assuming it's him sitting in a chair being like, "You
 won't believe what happened."
 It would be way better if then it got to an animated version.
 There's him cowering in a corner.
 These giant birds are walking towards him.
 He quit the show.
 So Gaia goes, "Well, let's just keep the show going.
 Cosmic Disclosure.
 Now the new host is, I want to call him Jason Todd but he got killed by the Joker with a
 crowbar.
 What's his name?
 It is Jason Rice."
 And so they get Jason Rice to come on the show and he goes, "Welcome to Cosmic Disclosure.
 I'm the new host, Jason Rice.
 And wouldn't you know it?
 Wouldn't you know it, trusting audience of Gaia?"
 This is 100% true.
 This is so ridiculous.
 Jason Rice takes over the show called Cosmic Disclosure and he goes, "Guys, you won't
 believe what just happened.
 But I was also abducted by Blue Avians and it happened when I was a kid and I was abducted
 by the Secret Space Program.
 Can you believe it?
 Two people who both host the show were abducted by the same themes of the show.
 We were abducted by the same characters of the show.
 And I also signed a contract called 20 and back.
 So I was abducted when I was six.
 I was on all these adventures with these birds.
 And here I am to tell you week after week about bird people."
 So Corey Good is suing Gaia.
 This is so fascinating to me and it should be an absolute wake up call to anyone who
 believes any of this nonsense.
 Right?
 I was just talking about aliens hanging out on Mars and King Block Block.
 This is obviously not a true story.
 I mean the lawsuit and everything I just told you is true but I'm talking about the Blue
 Avians because Blue Avians, he trademarked that.
 Corey Good owns the trademark to Blue Avians, 20 and back, which is dumb.
 Don't trademark this stupid stuff.
 Corey saved your money.
 And he trademarked Secret Space Program.
 I cannot trademark.
 I, Jason Carpenter, cannot trademark United States Air Force because it's a real thing
 that a government owns.
 And I definitely, I'm pretty, I could trademark insectoid for like a t-shirt.
 If I wanted to have like an insectoid t-shirt brand.
 But I couldn't then prevent anyone else from using the word insectoid.
 It's a scientific term.
 A bunch of bugs, a bunch of bug doctors would show up.
 Is that a thing?
 They'd become a thing and they'd show up and they'd beat me up with mandibles.
 He trademarked, before this happened, he'd trademarked, it was back in 2014 because
 he just left the show in 2018.
 He trademarked the term Blue Avians the way an author would trademark something.
 And he's in court right now trying to convince the judge to not let them talk about Blue
 Avians.
 He owned the supposedly real alien race that kidnapped him when he was six years old.
 They don't have their name trademarked.
 And you're like, Jason, why would a bird trademark their own name?
 That's a good point and an absurd statement.
 But why would he?
 Why would he?
 If it was, if it was, I would have never thought, if I ran into a gnome named Bork, I would
 have never, and we went on this magical adventure and I planned on telling you the story, I
 would have never thought in a million years why better trademark Bork's name because
 he's real.
 I've never trademarked any, I've trademarked stuff before, but I've never trademarked
 like my cat's name or my best friend's name.
 Now I'm actually having really good ideas.
 I should start trademarking those names and charging my best friend to hang out with me.
 He trademarked the name Blue Avian and he's saying, Gaia, you can't use this stuff.
 I made it up.
 I mean, I experienced it first and I trademarked it and you can't talk about this stuff.
 Now Gaia goes, but it's real, Corey, right?
 Blue Avians are real and you can't trademark real stuff.
 And right now there's a trademark attorney coming out on YouTube.
 You know what I mean?
 You can trademark Blue Avian as a brand of drink.
 But if there's this real adventure, you can't trademark the adventure because it's real.
 So he's suing Gaia and he goes, you guys can't use this as his trademark stuff.
 He can't come forward and say, you guys can't use this.
 I made it up.
 This is my story.
 I made it up.
 Gaia is like, you can't stop us because this man was also abducted when he was six years
 old by the Blue Avians.
 So Corey Good can either come forward and say, you're right.
 I made it all up and it was really fun and he is nudging the audience and he goes, but
 you guys had a good time listening to the story, right?
 He could do that and goes, but Gaia can't report on this anymore because I made it up.
 Or he could try to argue in court.
 If you're on her, I was abducted when I was six years old by a species of bluebirds.
 He wasn't.
 And that guy would be like, no, I remember seeing you in the elevator.
 Or he can do this.
 He says that this is absolutely mind bogglingly bad legal decision.
 This is his argument, not that the Blue Avian thing is fake.
 Corey Good is arguing that Gaia is run by Satan worshipers.
 That's not illegal defense.
 That was illegal defense.
 You could shut down a ton of people.
 He says they're run by Satan worshipers.
 That's his argument in court.
 And his co-host that I mentioned earlier was David Wilcock, who's another big name in
 UFOology.
 The reason why he left cosmic disclosure was because he believed back in 2016 that Gaia
 was run by Satan worshipers, by Luciferians.
 That's the term they're using specifically.
 And Gaia asked cosmic disclosure to do a promo for another show called like Ancient Civilizations
 of David Wilcock.
 Apparently, this, I'm getting all this information.
 If anyone's coming to sue me, I'm getting all this information from that Daily Beast
 article.
 This summer can be my co-defendant in court.
 David Wilcock supposedly said, "I'm not doing a promo read for Ancient Civilization.
 That show is run by Luciferians."
 And everyone hates Luciferians, and if I do a promo read for that, they're gonna come
 after me.
 Not the Luciferians, the people who ate Luciferians are gonna come after David Wilcock.
 So he left the show.
 Because they wanted him to do like a tie-in for some other show on the network he's on.
 He was very, very clear on that back in 2016.
 So I hate to break this to you, Corey.
 If Luciferians are running Gaia, you knew it back in 2016, when your co-host left for
 that reason.
 So if you continue to work with Luciferians for two more years, that's on you, dude.
 Right?
 That's on you.
 That's not gonna work in a court of law.
 I just made this board judge being like, "Ugh, what's next?"
 And I walk in with this little dwarf, or co-defendants as well.
 Gaia is countersuing Corey Good.
 Gaia is countersuing Corey Good for defamation, right?
 Because he's calling him a bunch of sane worshipers.
 He's calling him the sane worshipers.
 They're suing him for defamation.
 Oh, and Corey Good also had this weird anecdote.
 He goes, "One of the reasons why he quit is one of the senior officials of Gaia, one
 of the senior officials of the spirituality network, quasi-conspiracy network.
 One day Corey Good is sitting there, eating some chicken.
 He's like, "I hate the blue avian so much.
 I eat their kind on earth."
 He is sitting in the break room where he's walking around the Gaia offices, and one of
 the main leaders, one of the senior executives of Gaia has walked through the office as well.
 He goes, "Corey Good!"
 The thing is, let me pause this story for a second.
 The swarm about to take place on earth, and it is as ridiculous as any of his space-based
 stories.
 This is part of his legal reasons of why he quit the show.
 Corey Good's hanging out at the offices of Gaia one day, and a senior executive walks
 into whatever room he's in and goes, "Corey Good!" and pulls out a gun.
 Because when you think of the executives of Gaia, right, of this meditation network,
 you imagine they're all armed in the offices, right?
 You imagine they're always walking around with AKs.
 He pulls out a gun and points it at Corey.
 He says, "You have one week to record 26 episodes of content.
 You got it?
 You got it Corey Good!
 You want to be Corey Bad!"
 Corey's like, "That doesn't make sense."
 The guy goes, "I have the gun.
 I make the puns."
 That one actually does sound pretty good.
 You gonna make 26 episodes in one week, and Corey's like, "I'll do it!
 I'll do it!
 Man, just back off!"
 He's praying he gets them talking right now.
 He's like, "Please, bluebirds, take me away!"
 The executive storms off.
 He's looking for the intern to get his coffee, putting guns to people's heads.
 So Corey Good says that's one of the reasons why he quit.
 A guy in the office, a senior executive pulled a gun on him and said, "Make 26 episodes in
 a week."
 And he's like, "How am I supposed to make up that much stuff in a week, man?
 I got a narrative to build.
 It's not like any of this is based on any sort of real stuff."
 Dude, if someone put a gun in my head, well, first off, that would be a bad one.
 It would be bad for that dude, because I'm a ninja.
 But let's say that that day I'm just kind of sleepy.
 I just ate a bunch of turkey, and the guy puts it in my head, and I'm like, "Oh, what
 do you want?"
 Instead, make 26 episodes in a week.
 I'd be like, "Okay, I pretty much do that anyways.
 I can do that."
 So Corey Good, you gotta push them up by your bootstraps.
 Someone puts a gun to your head.
 Just do what they say.
 You can do 26 episodes in a week.
 So that is this lawsuit going on.
 Really fascinating stuff.
 So to fans of Corey Good, this should be a wake-up call, right?
 I guess I can't say he's 100% making it up.
 There could be a portion of it being true.
 But the fact that he is arguing that he's the only guy who was abducted to join as part
 of the space program, just one six-year-old boy, obviously they're abducting other people
 or other people are just joining.
 And he's saying he was the only one who was part of this avian soul group, this blue avian
 soul group or whatever.
 It should make you consider whether or not he's telling the truth.
 It really, really, really should make you--there's not a single listener of this podcast who
 listens to that show.
 But if on the off chance you are and this is all news to you, it should really make you
 reconsider him.
 It should really make you go, "Mmm, it is kind of weird that he's claiming all of this
 stuff but it only happened to him.
 It can't happen to anyone else.
 No one else can take over the show."
 And at the same time, it should make you give a side eye to Gaia because Gaia obviously
 either knows that this is all fabricated and they go, "This is a top rated show so let's
 get someone else into fabricated."
 Or they got hoodwinked again that some other guy saw that this guy was leaving and goes,
 "Guys, you won't believe it.
 It's just the other day.
 I also got abducted by blue avians and guys like, "That's perfect.
 We have the perfect job for you."
 And it shows up.
 So either everyone is goofing on everyone else.
 That's a legal term by the way.
 Goofing.
 Your honor, he's goofing on me.
 That's a legal term.
 So it's either that.
 Either goofing on goofs or people are getting fooled, which is not any better, right?
 You don't want the people you get your spirituality and yoga advice to be easily gullible.
 Otherwise you're going to do the yoga wrong and your soul is going to get tormented.
 And then you have to extrapolate it out obviously.
 Is that this Corey Good is not an isolated event.
 There's not just one person spinning these stories.
 He's the only person that I know of though that was savvy enough to trademark it.
 And again, that makes it look suspicious.
 No one went and fought in Vietnam and had these crazy stories, like these crazy adventures
 in Vietnam and then came back and trademarked the village that they were in or trademarked
 the country of Vietnam.
 It just doesn't happen.
 So is Corey Good just ahead of the curve and he's able to trademark this stuff and he's
 savvy about it or is this leaning towards the fact that it's fabricated?
 It will be interesting to see where this court trial goes.
 I'll try to keep you updated.
 I just wish for the first time in my life I wish I lived in Colorado.
 I would quit my job and just hang out at the courthouse all day long.
 Just to watch the judge slowly descend into insanity.
 And then after the trial he's like bye because that's what the judges do right after the
 trial they wave.
 See you guys later and then he walks into the judges quarters and that's where I'm living
 because I lost my place because I quit my job.
 I'm hiding under his desk and the judge walks in and I can just see his feet and he's like
 "Oh finally it's time to get out of this."
 And he drops his black robe to the ground and I'm like "Where's this going?"
 And I'm just seeing his feet and then he takes his shoes off and I'm expecting to see like
 bird feet.
 That kind of makes sense right?
 Now it's just human feet and I'm like disappointed.
 I'm looking at these 10 human toes and I'm like "Oh man."
 But then the 10 toes begin to wiggle and they're like shaking and stuff like that.
 And he's like "Oh my muscle spasms."
 And I'm like "Dang it I thought like bird talons are gonna pop out."
 And then he starts like straight, he starts doing yoga because he's watching all that
 Gaia video during the trial and he's doing yoga and I'm like "What, how long is this
 gonna take?"
 And then I hear the sound of like, skin tearing like flesh rip.
 I know what that sounds like!
 I don't even have to see it.
 I'm like that's obviously a man's skin being ripped from his bones.
 I hear this *pfft* and I am like curious now, like is he turning into a bird?
 That's the whole gimmick here that I think he's a bird!
 But I'm under the desk, and he's really just opening a bag of flaming hot Cheetos.
 And I'm like dang it.
 And he's like yhosh yhosh yhosh, eating them.
 And then I remember something.
 Flaming hot Cheetos are disgusting.
 And I realize that no human in the right mind would ever, ever buy a bag of flaming hot Cheetos
 to eat by themselves and then buy it as a prank to pull on one of their friends who can't
 read who's illiterate and doesn't know what the bag looks like.
 And I go, a human tongue would have obviously been burnt by now.
 And then I notice that he doesn't sound like a human eating flaming hot Cheetos.
 It sounds like a beak going *chuck-chuck-chuck-chuck-chuck*.
 And then that's enough evidence for me.
 I start sneaking out and I turn around and they're sitting at the judge's booth or bench
 or whatever it is.
 The desk I was hiding under, I forgot what it's called.
 There's a big blue avian bird and his beak is all covered in Cheeto dust.
 Yes, we are in the episode.
 I'm not going to be able to get to the two-dimensional hobo, this one.
 But there's a really big one.
 Jason, tell us that story.
 Could talk about this stupid bird, this dumb bird thing that's gone on for five minutes.
 You could have told me something about a two-dimensional hobo.
 What are you doing, dude?
 Anyways, there's this bird flaming hot Cheetos.
 And his hands are now giant feathers.
 It's a full-on bird.
 And he goes, "I would love to abduct you, young man.
 I would love to abduct you and take you to space and raise you as my own.
 Like you were an egg born from my wife's vagina.
 I wish I could do that.
 But unfortunately I can't because that has been trademarked."
 And he drops the Cheetos and he turns around and he faces the window looking outside.
 Everyone in town now sees that their judge is a giant blue bird.
 The whole city is aghast.
 He's like, "No, because now that Corey Good has made it illegal for us to even abduct
 the children, can you believe that?
 We're no longer allowed to abduct people.
 Because if we abduct people, now we will be dragged in front of trademark court."
 You see, Corey Good thinks that he's just shutting down Gaia Television.
 But in fact, he's shutting down communication between two species.
 Blue avians, we truly do exist.
 But we can never, ever show up on Earth.
 We can never help you into the cosmic brotherhood.
 Because one man, one man filed one lawsuit and one, he has shut down cosmic communication
 for all time.
 He looks us in the eye and he goes, "Because of human greed, Earth will have no friends
 in the galaxy."
 Goodbye, space brothers, or I should say, space orphans.
 Cacock!
 Cacock!
 Flies out the window.
 Space vomit.
 Call in that carpenter copter.
 We're not going to be able to see the two dimensional hobo this episode, but I just want to make
 sure you ride in that carpenter copter.
 Bring it on down.
 We're going to take it back to Dead Rabbit Command.
 It's a solemn journey.
 We're all sad.
 Corey Good, before you finish this lawsuit, think about that.
 You want to be an advocate of cosmic disclosure, but this may cause us to fall into an eternity
 of cosmic silence.
 And I'll talk about two dimensional hobos on tomorrow's episode.
 DeadRabberRadio@gmail.com is going to be our email address.
 You can also head us up at facebook.com/deadrabberradio.
 Twitter is @deadrabberradio.
 DeadRabberRadio is the daily paranormal conspiracy and true crime podcast.
 You don't have to listen to it every day.
 I'm glad you listened to it today.
 Have a great one, guys.
 [Music]
.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [Music]
