 Infuse your life with color with plants from Proven Winners. With hundreds of
 annuals, perennials and shrubs in striking colors and bold patterns, you'll
 find the perfect assortment to match your unique style. I know I can count on
 them to flourish in my garden since they've been tested for years. Grow
 color, grow success, grow Proven Winners. Find them in their white branded
 containers at your local garden center. Proven Winners, the brand gardeners trust.
 A bizarre conspiracy in one of my favorites personally involving the
 Star Wars trilogy. Are there really two Luke Skywalker's? And then the question
 about UFOs, what are they, where do they come from? Has puzzled people for decades.
 However, a recently declassified document from Britain may have all the
 answers we need today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio. I'm your
 host Jason Carvin or I'm having a great day. Hope you guys are having a great day
 too. Let's talk about two Luke's. I love this conspiracy theory. I heard about
 this conspiracy theory a long time ago and you know it just kind of gets lost
 in the maze of my mind to hear about it. I thought it was hilarious. And then
 recently I got a notification and email on Twitter from @druthersca and
 Druthers goes, thank you for the recommendation, Druthers go, have you
 ever heard of Bigger Luke? And I was like yes, yes I have. A long time ago he was a
 good friend. Let's explore the world of Bigger Luke. Let's hop on, but you don't
 have a space vehicle. Let me think here for a second. I'd say Jason
 Jumper, like jumps in a light speed or a ride to space. That actually sounds like
 a baby would be in it. Tell you what, you guys come up with a space vehicle for us.
 Whoever has the best suggestion, I'll talk about it. I'll announce it. It'll be
 totally awesome. But for now, we're going to break into a US facility.
 We're gonna steal their space shuttle. Come on, go, go. I'll cover you. I'm
 shooting blinks because they are US servicemen. They're like ow, ow. I won't
 kill you, but I will stop you. And then I accidentally hit one in the head and he's not
 moving. He's all bloody. You're like Jason, you killed him. I'm like no I didn't, no I
 didn't. We go, we get in space shuttle fly away. Oh great, great start to an episode.
 You guys are like, getting ready to hold trial for trees? And I'm like no.
 Before we have my trial, we have to go to Tatooine. Space shuttle goes,
 hyperspace, and we're now in a galaxy far far away. I wonder what the official name
 of the Star Wars galaxy is. I'm sure some nerd knows it is. It's Titanine or
 something. There has to be a name for it, like Clydo's or something. But anyways,
 it doesn't matter. Nerds, email me on that too, the name of the Star Wars galaxy.
 We're now flying over Tatooine. So we're on Tatooine and we're checking out the
 scene. Now this theory came about because you know there was a time when you
 would go see a movie, the movie theater, and go whoa that was awesome. And then you
 might buy a ticket to go see it again, but once it was out of the theater, you
 never saw it again. The movie was gone. But when VCRs came out and then Star Wars
 was released on VHS in 82, you have the ability to watch the movie over and over
 and over again. And some people, Chalker, sit down for this news, were obsessed
 with the movie. I know, I didn't know that until I started researching this
 story. And so people began watching these movies over and over again, and they're
 looking for every detail. It's funny, I was thinking about doing this. I saw a
 movie the other night called Identity Theft of a Cheerleader. And it was
 actually, it was compelling enough that I told my little brother about it. You
 could tell that everyone, it was for a lifetime channel, movie of the week,
 everyone in the movie, behind the scenes and in front of the camera, gave 110%
 but it just had a terrible, it had a really low budget and it had that
 really flat lighting that all like lifetime channel movies have. But I, I,
 it was very, it was funny because it was a really, really good movie. It was like
 watching a marathon runner run with 80 pounds strapped to his back. Because you
 could tell everyone was really, really trying but it was just hobbled by the
 format. And I was thinking, I think I might watch that movie just as a thought
 experiment, watch it 30 nights in a row and see what I pick up on it. Because
 it's interesting enough and the lead actress, she, it's this 30-year-old woman
 who pretends to be a cheerleader. And I think I did a story on that actually.
 That's how I found out about this movie. I did a story about that and this movie
 is based on a true story, but in this movie she's like hitting, she's killing
 people with a frying pan as well. But he had a really hot actress and everything
 like that. If I watch this movie for 30 days in a row, I think I would have a
 bigger cheerleader. Well, I definitely would have some bigger cheerleader
 interesting dreams, but it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter. Okay, let's get back to
 the topic. People were watching the movie over and over and over again and they
 started to notice something. In some scenes, Luke is a couple inches taller than
 he is in other scenes. Not extremely giant, but just oddly tall. And they begin to
 talk to each other and they go, "We know how tall Harrison Ford is normally." And
 then there are some scenes where Luke is standing next to Harrison Ford. He's
 always shorter than Harrison Ford, but sometimes he's a little more shorter than
 he is in other scenes. Now, you figure, maybe he's standing on something different,
 maybe he's leaning in a different way, but they're able to, this group of people,
 and again, back then you'd have to like write letters to each other. There was no
 internet. You'd meet people that you knew in the area or you would start writing
 each other because you're part of some sci-fi club through correspondence. People
 started to say, "Hey, listen, Luke changes sizes. Not every other scene, but it's
 consistent enough that I think there's two Luke's." Now, some people, and this is
 where people broke into two different camps. Some people say what it is that,
 yes, there are, he is at different sizes, but sometimes it's a stand-in actor. It's
 a different actor coming in. And the other group says, "No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
 We believe there's actually two Luke skywalkers. There is a short Luke and a
 tall Luke." And there, sometimes the short Luke will walk around a corner and
 then the big Luke comes back. So there's actually two Luke skywalkers in the
 Skywalker movie. And you're thinking, "Jason, that's stupid, but, but, but, but, but,
 but, but, hold on, hold on, hold on." So Luke is on the Millennium Falcon and he's
 holding a lightsaber. There's a little droid flying, I know some of you guys know
 exactly where this is going, this little droid's flying around. Shoot lasers, he's blocking them.
 And that's his first time really using the force, because he's
 blindfolded and he puts the lightsaber away. And Obi-Wan turns to him and says,
 "You've taken your first step into a larger world." Hmm? Hmm? He says that. "When Luke
 Skywalker first meets Princess Leia, him and Han Solo are addressed up as
 stormtroopers." And you guys all know this line, she's laying there in that sexy
 Princess Leia pose. Dwarf comes up, we see two stormtroopers standing there and
 Leia says, "Aren't you a little short for a stormtrooper?" You're like, "Jason, come on,
 seriously." Okay, here's the thing, here's the thing. The bigger Luke
 theory, I love so much. And to be honest, I don't know if it, they say that it
 started in 1985, I think it's a lark, I think, which is a live-action role-playing
 thing. I think it's, I don't know if it really started back in 1985. It could be
 a parody of conspiracy theories and people who are obsessed with film, because
 we obviously can't go back and prove that. And people have talked about maybe
 this was spread on like AOL chat rooms and Yahoo chat rooms back in the day and
 all the evidence has been destroyed. And that's when you're getting into weirdo
 conspiracy beliefs. I mean, this is, this is weird enough, but whenever you say, "Oh
 no, it's totally true, but all the documentation up until this very moment
 was destroyed," you're really kind of losing me there. But that's not all, that's
 not all, okay? So apparently, I love this so much, because you're never gonna be
 able to watch this scene again the same way. There's a scene on Impressions
 Strike's back where Lando, who is considered like he's a professional
 gambler, so he has an eye for things, right? He can really see the details, he
 can look for the little things, tell someone's bluffing. He's walking by and
 he sees Luke come around the corner and start shooting. And Lando doesn't
 really even react to this, because he knows everything's going to hell. He
 tried, Darth Vader's not holding up his side of the bargain, Luke's coming here to
 rescue his friends, he just kind of looks at Luke, doesn't really react. But the
 next time we see Lando look at Luke, Luke's still running around shooting
 people, Lando has this expression, he looks over at Luke and then he kind of
 goes, "Hmm?" Now even though Luke is doing the exact same thing he was doing just a
 minute ago, i.e. shooting stormtroopers, the second time he sees him, his expression
 on his face is like, "Hmm, something's different about him." And then he just walks away.
 So bigger Luke theorists believe that that's what he's responding to. He
 realizes this guy's a few inches tall and he's like, "Hmm, interesting." So here we
 go. Why are there two Luke's? Why are there two Luke's? So, of course you
 have to have theories. One of them is that Luke is creating a force projection.
 Now this theory does predate the last Jedi. I don't know if it goes all the way
 back to 1985, but it definitely predates the last Jedi, because I remember reading
 about it years ago. So it's at least, it's at least 10 years old, if not more.
 And anyways, the idea is that Luke Skywalker, when Princess Leia says,
 "Aren't you a little short for a stormtrooper that heard his feelings?" So he
 created a holographic version of himself that's bigger, to be in additional
 scenes. That is an okay conspiracy theory, but I love this one even more. So R2D2
 learned how to clone throughout the prequels, because he's hanging out on
 Kamino, he's going on all these adventures, especially on the Clone Wars.
 He's going on seven seasons of adventures. He learns how to clone. And he's the only
 guy who remembers really everything from the beginning to the events of Star Wars.
 So he has a cloning facility on Tatooine, and that's why when the ship crashes, or
 when the escape pod crashes, R2D2 goes in one direction, C3PO goes in the
 other direction, R2D2 is like, "No, I got to go this way. I'm headed to my cloning
 center." And at that cloning center, he has cloned Bigger Luke. What Bigger Luke
 is, it's if things get really rough. Bigger Luke can show up and kind of fight
 more, and that way if Luke dies, then the clone will just take over. And so
 whenever one of the Luke's is getting in too much trouble, they're instantly
 teleported back to the cloning facility, and then the it's instantaneous too. So
 you'll never know. No one will ever turn around the corner and see it happening.
 Bigger Luke appears, and you go, "That's stupid, Jason." They don't have teleportation
 in Star Wars. They don't ever do... up, up. In A New Hope, Luke, they're talking about
 getting off the planet tattooing. Luke says, "Not unless you can alter time, speed
 up the harvest, or teleport me off this rock." So teleportation does exist in the
 Star Wars universe. RTD2 has the key to it. And you go, "Jason, that is genius." Now I
 didn't come up with that, but that is genius. RTD2 is the key to all of this
 stuff, but it's just people are grabbing a couple lines or thinking this stuff
 about R2 and all this stuff. Last Jedi promo shot. There's a picture of Luke's
 Skywalker standing next to RTD2. Mark Hamill himself tweets this. There's a
 picture of him back in 1977 standing next to RTD2. RTD2 comes up to his belly
 butt. Then the picture of him for the last Jedi promo shot. RTD2 only comes up to
 his waist. And he tweets, "Have I been growing taller over the years, or has
 RTD2 just been shrinking?" You decide. #largerluketheory. Is there really two
 Luke's? Did he actually acknowledge the existence of two Luke Skywalker? He also
 said that he hated Ryan Johnson's take on Luke Skywalker in the last Jedi. And so he
 just called him Jake Skywalker. He played him as a totally different character.
 So now there's even a theory that after the Battle of Indoor, Luke went
 somewhere and his clone became Jake Skywalker. So is there any truth to the
 fact that there were two Luke Skywalker? So you may have hated the sequel
 trilogy, but no. That's somewhere out there. The smaller Luke, the Luke that we
 really know and love, is out in the galaxy. The man who died on the rock
 because he made his hologram appear in front of his nephew or whatever, who fell
 off the rock and disappeared. He's dead. That was Jake Skywalker. Luke Skywalker.
 The real Skywalker is still out there walking through the sky. I love that
 conspiracy theory though, but that took an awful lot of time. So let's return to
 Earth. We're leaving by Tatooine. We see Luke Skywalker. We're like, "Bye Luke!" And
 he's waving to us. And then we see another Luke in the shadows waving at us.
 We're like, "Oh, there is some truth to it." We're back on Earth now. We just land
 in a space shuttle in a parking lot. We're in Britain. We're headed to Britain.
 This was a really interesting story that I kind of just dumbled across. And it was
 on an article from the Washington Examiner. It was called, "The real reason the U.S.
 government is so secretive about UFOs." And it basically boiled down to this. We
 don't know what they are, so we're trying to figure that out. And we don't want to
 reveal what we already know to the public, because whatever this is could be
 weaponized. So we know a little bit more than the public does about this stuff. So
 if we release what we know, then China and Russia are like, "Oh, we didn't have
 those additional pieces of the puzzle." So they're holding on to their pieces of
 the puzzle, and we're holding on to our pieces of the puzzle, and nobody wants to
 share. And I'm reading this article, I go, "That makes sense. That makes sense." I
 think, and let me start off by saying this, at this point we kind of have to
 start really making some determinations over what UFOs really are. And from the
 1950s to the 1980s, maybe 90s, like you could say it's space aliens. Like these
 are crafts from another planet. They're carrying these space aliens and stuff like
 that. But after 50, 60 years, and we don't have any definitive proof, it's really
 moving into Bigfoot territory. Where really, like, we'll find like a footprint,
 like here's melted glass, where I saw a spaceship. And that's an
 interesting, actually, example. That's the same thing as a Bigfoot footprint at
 this point. Now, UFOs have the added storytelling advantage. I'm not using
 storytelling facetiously, but it's a storytelling advantage of you have
 people interacting with the occupants of the UFOs. But those are very rare. When
 we look at UFO stories overall, I avoid those at this point, because they're so
 commonplace. As far as like, the average, like, looking up in the sky and seeing the
 bright lights and seeing the giant object in the sky, is the equivalent of, I saw,
 I was walking down a hallway and I saw a shadow at the end of the hallway. It's
 creepy and it's interesting, but it's either there's more interesting stuff,
 especially to talk about on a podcast. That would get super old if I just kept
 telling you about lights in the sky. But at a certain point, from 1945 till now, we
 have no definitive proof whatsoever about what UFOs are, any more than we have
 definitive proof about Bigfoot or even ghosts. I think ghosts are more of a
 personal paranormal thing, and I think those are far easier to, I don't want to
 say dispute, but to explain. Even all the ghost stories and demonic stories that
 I've told, I think probably have a rational explanation that I haven't
 figured out yet. Now, going back to the story, I find this story absolutely
 fascinating. I'm reading this Washington Examiner article, I'm like, "Ah, it's
 fairly interesting, but is it worth really talking about on the show?" Then they
 have a link to a document, a document created by the British government. Oh,
 and I want to give a shout out to the author of the article, Tom Rogan, because
 it really set me on the path and gave me a framework for doing this story. I don't
 want to plagiarize, but I'm going to be quoting quite a lot of stuff and sources
 and stuff on this. The military, you know, we did an episode on this a while back
 where Trump was like, "I don't believe in aliens." That was a huge moment for
 the UFO community. It really was, and I know people kind of brushed it off, but
 that was to have the president of the United States actively go, "Yeah, they've
 talked to me about it, but I really don't believe in it." That was massive. That would
 be the equivalent of the Pope going, "Yeah, I think I don't believe in ghosts.
 Like, yeah, angels and demons, but I think when you die, you're in heaven and
 hell. Ghosts don't exist." It would be, especially like Catholics who are
 into the paranormal would be like, "Oh, that sucks. I kind of have to listen to
 this dude." Trump's not the Pope of UFOs, but you know what I mean? Because
 that's always been the conspiracy theory. Oh, you know, the president goes and he
 knows he's met with aliens shaking Grey's hands and stuff like that. Trump's like,
 "No, it didn't happen." Now you could say Trump was lying. He was covering it up, but
 I mean, like, at a certain, we have to make certain allowances for this stuff. So
 for Trump to even, I think, I don't want to get too much into that side, but there
 was a big moment and a lot of people just kind of buried it, but he's like, "Yeah,
 I don't believe it." So the military, for the most part, just thinks it's something
 weird that's going on out there. They don't actually think that it's alien.
 Alien craft. It's something. So all of that being said, Britain did this big
 st- every country's done a study on this. India's had to look into it. Iran
 definitely had to look into it. We did an episode about their nuclear power
 plants and UFOs flying around. So any country that has any sort of budget
 whatsoever is going to look into this stuff. Now, Britain looks into this and
 they wrote up a report and they classified it, as you would with this type of
 thing, but eventually the report gets declassified and it is fascinating. The
 link is in the show notes. It's actually quite a short report. It's called the
 Unidentified Aerial- that's generally how the United States and
 Britain will call them. They don't call them UFOs. They call them Unidentified Aerial
 Phenomenon, which is quite different. Quite different. It sounds like the same
 terminology, but what we're going to get into, there's a difference between an
 object and phenomenon. The kite is an object. A phenomenon is some sort of
 weather event. So I'm going to read some quotes from this investigation from this
 paper because it's really fascinating the way they're looking at this stuff.
 Here's the first quote talking about foreign governments, Russia and China
 specifically. "Russia, former Soviet republics and Chinese authorities have
 made a coordinated effort to understand the UAP topic. Several aircraft have
 been destroyed and at least four pilots have been killed chasing UFOs. The
 importance of the topic has resulted in appointment of astronauts and senior
 pilots as well as senior scientists to carry out investigations. Russian
 investigators have measured or at least detected fields, which are reported to
 have caused human effects when they are located close to the phenomenon." The
 first part is interesting because we have this confirmation that and I don't
 think it surprises anyone that occasionally a pilot dies chasing these
 unidentified objects, whether it is collisions or they're simply pushing
 their engine to hard or whatever, but they're saying that because people have
 died and because jets have been destroyed that other countries take this as
 seriously as the West does. Now the second part is over there we're talking about
 Russia has detected these fields around this phenomenon. So as they're flying up
 on this object they're able to measure something. Something's coming off of
 these things. Now what is this something? This paper actually thinks that it has the
 answer for what UFOs are, what the objects in the sky, the bright lights are, but
 we're gonna get there in a second. So what they're looking at is where do we
 tend to see UFOs? Where do you tend to see UFOs? What they're picking up on is
 they go military bases, nuclear power plants, and you're like oh that's
 interesting like is it because they're monitoring our bases or something like that?
 They go, "Hey let us finish, let us finish dude." Nuclear powered aircraft carriers,
 battle fleets out in the ocean, still military. Cars in the middle of nowhere
 planes 20,000 feet or higher in the air. So how do you get the car in the middle
 of nowhere versus the nuclear powered aircraft carrier in the middle of the
 ocean? Britain thinks that the phenomenon is some sort of plasma charge that is
 created in the atmosphere around isolated electronic events. Basically that's why
 we see them in the areas we see them, the lone car driving in the middle. That's
 why you don't see for the most part UFOs in downtown Chicago, but when you have a
 car driving through the middle of Kentucky at night, the glowing object
 following the car or appearing off in the distance whether it's small or big, it's
 some sort of plasma charge. It's not from another dimension, it's not a spacecraft,
 there's no one on it, it's simply there. They said the black triangle which is
 very common, it has the lights on the end, it's like a triangle, there's a light on
 each corner of the triangle, they say that is a very common, the plasma charge
 can actually block out light in the middle and make lights appear around it.
 So it looks like a massive object, but what you're really seeing is basically
 three plasma balls that are distorting everything else around it. Can these
 things be interacted with? They said when we're looking at it during their
 investigation they said they found 100 unexplained Royal Air which is the
 British Air Force's Royal Air Force, 100 unexplained Royal Air Force fatal
 accident reports, 100 planes that crashed, not passenger jets but like fighter
 jets and transport planes and stuff like that, that crashed and they have no no
 known reason why. They said these accidents don't seem like they hit
 something physical, maybe maybe they hit a bird and we detected maybe with
 something so small we didn't detect it, but they go it could have been flying and
 it hit plasma, it hit this electrical charge in the middle of the sky and the
 plane goes down and no one can radio for it, no can report it, the plane crashes
 completely unexplained. Now those hundred accidents were over the course of
 decades, so it wasn't like within the course of a year or anything like that,
 but just looking back, they had all these unexplained accidents, a hundred of
 them, and they go maybe it's this phenomenon and that would explain too
 why fighter jets in other countries have been knocked out of the sky by these
 things as well. It'd also be why you can't catch up to them because it's a
 electrical phenomenon and you're creating it. The UFO doesn't exist unless the
 plane is in the sky or the aircraft carrier is on the ground and going to
 the whole thing about the tic-tac UFO flying around that Nimitz battle fleet
 back in I think it was 2016, may have been even farther back, that's just when the
 story came out. Imagine the pure electrical field around that battle
 group, that group had the greatest sensor net ever to exist on the planet, that was
 the entire point of that exercise was to test out how that fleet worked together
 and we have never, never in the history of the planet Earth have there been that
 many tools and high-tech things to observe. He created a perfect bubble around
 the fleet, they knew everything that was going on, so that's why the theory was
 that the tic-tac was either a black ops from the United States or from another
 government, they wanted to see if the object they built could beat the greatest
 eye ever invented by the human race or all of that electricity created this
 phenomenon. So Russia says that they can measure some sort of field around
 these plasma objects right and let me go a little bit more into the plasma thing
 here too to give you a little more idea of this isn't just some magical new
 electricity they've made up, let me read you this quote. The researchers note that
 plasmas may be formed by more than one set of weather and electrically charged
 conditions and then it goes on to say it could also be a meteor that's coming into
 the atmosphere and doesn't burn up completely but basically shoots off
 this electrical burst and then it continues here. These plasma formations
 are also theorized to have the effect of refracting light between themselves
 producing the appearance of black polygonal shape with the lights of the
 corners caused by self-generated plasma coloration. So that's going back to the
 black triangle thing. So there has been old studies as well where the government
 was trying to line up, they're basically trying to create giant holograms on the
 sky using plasma it's goes back to the whole project blue beam thing which we
 did an episode on and they wanted a way to add voices to it so you can make a
 religious figure appear over a battlefield tell people no no don't do
 that don't do that very least freak them out and the most you might end the battle
 or end the war. So we've been working with plasma I'm sure other governments have
 as well to direct it as a hologram in the sky and what the British paper is
 saying is that nature is already doing that for us it's just random and this is
 where I was going before I interrupted myself with the Russian effect the
 Russian was detecting the field around these plasma charges here's a
 continuing of this quote and this is fascinating they've been able to study
 this on the ground quote local fields of this type and this is a plasma field and
 they said they don't know if it's electric electromagnetic field they said
 we could be some sort of other unknown type of energy that this is good that
 these plasma charges give off but what we've been able to conclude on earth
 experimenting with plasma back to the quote here local fields of this type
 have been medically proven to cause responses in the temporal lobes of the
 human brain these results in the observer sustaining his or her own vivid
 but mainly incorrect description of what is experienced this is suggested to be a
 key factor in influencing the more extreme reports found in the media and
 are clearly believed by the quote-unquote victims what if this is true this
 could be the biggest discovery when was this article written so the article Tom
 Rogan wrote just came out in December 2019 but the paper that he's talking
 about came out in 2006 this is possibly the end of all UFO ology and possibly
 even paranormal activity a plasma field is generated and it messes with your
 head and gives you false memories it would be the greatest weapon of war
 you don't bleed no bones are breaking no one dies but you can change their mind
 they actually believe stuff that didn't happen kids playing soccer and Russia
 see a bunch of robots land in the middle of the park hallucination Betty and
 Barney Hill driving down the road and a bright light appears above them and they
 have this wild tale to tell about being up on a spaceship hallucination a group
 of paranormal investigators walking in with their electrical equipment or
 maybe just some flashlights in an abandoned insane asylum and it's
 electrically charged and plasma is formed and hallucination set it now to be
 fair generally plasma charges don't form that low to the ground so would it be
 like you're on the second floor of an insane asylum and on the third floor
 there's a glowing ball but I mean if there is a phenomenon that is created by
 man because they're using electricity they're you they're unleashing this
 force of nature they're basically they're the humanity using technology is the
 flint to ignite something that's already possibly there it explains so much why
 the UFO phenomenon really took off after we started dropping nukes it wasn't
 because aliens saw the nukes and wanted to come down and help us out or they were
 worried about us it's that the sky is more charged now than it ever was all
 that carbon dating stuff doesn't work after 1945 because everything's
 irradiated if you want to have metal to build Geiger counters like you have to
 dig up boats from World War one when Germany scuttled their navy because
 everything else is completely irradiated everything's charged makes so much sense
 and makes sense why people see UFOs in the middle of nowhere it's because
 there there's nothing there and they're charging the area not with any sort of
 spiritual energy but with actual energy and it's interacting it's an
 atmospheric phenomenon that's messing with people's head this is a game changer
 if this is true this is a game changer because it not only explains not only
 explains UFOs explains everything explains ghosts and Bigfoot and
 cryptids and all of that stuff does Bigfoot rustle around in the woods
 unless there's a human there to observe it now you could go back let's play
 devil's advocate the natives who were here and native and you can go back
 and there's cryptid stories way way back you know hundreds of years and stuff
 like that the natives here who had stories of the yet seen Bigfoot and
 things like that they weren't carrying around Walkmans they didn't have palm
 pilots on them so yes that's true but also when you look back at native
 populations they weren't talking a lot about UFOs oh you can show me some
 Egyptian hieroglyphic with the helicopter on it that all that stuff has been
 debunked I know ancient aliens is a big show but I think on my fifth episode I
 had a link to a documentary called ancient aliens debunked it's like six
 hours long I recommend all of you guys to watch it it really really just takes
 the wind out of all of those theories the Nazca lines explains super in detail
 explains all of that stuff the UFO phenomenon I recently did an episode on
 airships but again that was kind of like a lot of people think that was yellow
 journalism a lot of people think that was newspapers just making up stories
 because that's what they did back then that's what they do now so does this end
 is this the answer to all paranormal questions I don't know I don't know it
 may be they may be onto something they may be wrong this might be able to
 explain some UFO encounters and not all of them it may be able to explain
 everything we don't know but the idea of false memories being put in your head
 is always a scary one the one thing we can cling on to is the reality we've
 constructed and so if it can be intruded upon by a natural phenomenon at any
 point in time what can you believe maybe it's not the truth is out there when
 we're looking for aliens maybe the truth is in here in us our own brains the
 truth is realizing that this is all a plasma charge dilution you are the only
 person who's really there this voice this podcast it's just an echo that you've
 created in your own mind and and if that is a case you have a duty to keep on
 living because once you die the hallucination is over and the rest of
 us disappear into nothingness save us you're our only hope dead rabbit radio
 gmail.com is gonna be your email address you can also hit us up at
 facebook.com/dead rabbit radio Twitter is @dead rabbit radio dead rabbit radio is
 the daily paranormal conspiracy true crime podcast you don't have to listen
 to it every day but I'm glad you listen to it today have a great one guys
 I feel swift here for new flex superglue what's truly amazing is that our flex
 superglue is so strong that just one drop virtually welds itself to the surface
 and can lift over three tons forget those old superglues get the one that's new
 flex superglue go to flexceoproducts.com/3tonleft to learn more
 about how one drop lifted three tons for demonstration purposes only
