 [Bell rings]
 Aw, man! Really?
 Couldn't help but notice your window predicament.
 Oh, hey, Dave. Yeah.
 The window and the door and the siding and the roof.
 Feldko's got you covered.
 We can replace your windows, siding doors and roofing.
 Call now and you'll get free installation,
 no money down and no interest for one year.
 Sounds like a grand slam.
 Hurry, this offer won't last long. Call now.
 For quality windows, siding and doors, call 866 for Feldko.
 When a gay man is found dead at the bottom of a cliff,
 it's real to suicide.
 When 88 gay men are found dead at the bottom of cliffs,
 the police finally open an investigation.
 And then we take a whirlwind tour of India
 to look at some of their amazing haunted places.
 Amazing in air quotes
 because these places are ridiculously bizarre.
 Today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 [Music]
 Hey, everyone. Welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host, Jason Carpenter. I'm having a great day.
 Hope you guys are having a great day, too.
 I hope you guys are going to have an awesome weekend.
 First off, I want to give a shout out to our newest Patreon supporters.
 It's the fabulous Levas, Timothy Leva and Beatrice Leva.
 Beatrice, you may remember.
 She's the one who broke the news about Forrest Finn's treasure being found,
 and she sent us the 2028 man story.
 Really, really appreciate that.
 Both her whole family's fans of the show. It's totally awesome.
 If you can't support the Patreon, that's fine, too.
 Just go ahead and get the word out about the show.
 That really, really helps out a lot.
 So, Timothy, let me touch the keys of the carpenter copter.
 [Copter whimpers]
 Catch him in your hand.
 Catch him in the ignition.
 Do helicopters even have keys now that I think about it?
 I think you just press buttons.
 Anyways, it doesn't matter.
 Timothy, take us up in that beautiful carpenter copter.
 We're headed out to Australia.
 [Copter whimpers]
 We're flying. We're cutting lines right over the beautiful Pacific Ocean.
 This first story's a little dark.
 So, sorry about that, Timothy. Sorry that you're flying us today.
 We're going to do a lot of traveling, so you'll be able to go to other places.
 The beach risks are going to take turns, but we're flying over the Pacific Ocean.
 We're headed out to Australia.
 We're specifically headed to Bluefish Point.
 That's in North Head, Australia.
 It's December 10th, 1988.
 There's a man named Scott Johnson.
 He's 27 years old.
 He's a gay man.
 He moved from America to live in Australia with his lover.
 But when his naked body's found at the bottom of a cliff--
 I can't, I told you this story is going to be dark--
 when his naked body's found at the bottom of a cliff,
 it's ruled as a suicide.
 Now, his brother-- this is one of those things that just happens to be serendipitous.
 His brother was extremely wealthy, powerful man.
 His brother's name is Steve Johnson.
 He's a tech entrepreneur.
 He's the one who actually commercialized the first algorithm to send photographs online.
 So, he ended up selling that to AOL and got a job.
 He was like an executive with AOL after that.
 Very, very powerful rich man.
 So, when his brother commits suicide, he doesn't really buy it.
 He doesn't really like-- it doesn't really make sense to him.
 What happens is, his brother's lover who's still in Australia one day calls up Steve.
 He says, "Hey, there was another gay guy who was found at the bottom of this cliff."
 And police are starting to think that maybe your brother didn't kill himself.
 They're going to start investigating this a little closer.
 But, at the call-- he got that call in 2005-- his brother died in 1988.
 So, it was a long span of time where Steve had to deal with this idea that his brother killed himself.
 Steve Johnson begins to use his contacts and his wealth,
 and he sends a team of private investigators down there.
 Because at first off, you think it's just a one-off thing, an unfortunate one-off thing.
 He didn't sit right with them, though.
 He sends a team of investigators down there.
 They begin working with local law enforcement.
 They begin to put these together.
 So, first you had Steve-- that was ruled as a suicide.
 The police opened this thing, it was called Operation Parabell.
 From 1976 to about the year 2000, the police were able to find 88 gay men
 who had jumped off the-- quote-unquote jumped off these cliffs over that round 30-year period.
 88.
 They had all been considered suicides or accidents.
 One of the key details, the coroner kept going, it was a suicide, it was a suicide, it was a suicide.
 After about 20 years of the coroner saying this, someone brought up to the coroner,
 "Yeah, you know that's where a lot of gay people go to like hook up?"
 The coroner is like, "What?"
 "Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's like a known area where gay men will go to hook up."
 And the coroner said, "Had I known that back then, when I first started looking at these bodies?"
 It wouldn't have been so quick to say suicide, because if a location is going to attract gay men to have hook up sex,
 it's also going to attract people who hate gay people.
 So the coroner goes, "I kind of wish I had known that ahead of time."
 What they find out, they've now ruled 27 of those 88 as homicides.
 They believe that 27 of those 88 deaths were homicides, were murdered.
 And just recently, this is how I came across this story.
 In May 20th, 2020, police knock on Scott White's door.
 He's a 49-year-old man.
 The guy opens the door and he looks at the cops and he goes, "Yeah, I knew you were coming."
 This guy, Scott White, was at that area with Scott Johnson.
 December 10th, 1988, Scott White was standing there with Scott Johnson.
 And something happened that prompted Scott White to punch Scott Johnson and that man fell to his death off that cliff.
 He hasn't really admitted to saying why he did it.
 It's possible that he went there and was thinking about doing something and started to feel guilty.
 It's possible that he went there with the intent to murder him.
 We don't know. He hasn't admitted to any of that yet.
 But he does, he was there. He did do it.
 The motive is the question.
 The New South Wales police did end up issuing this statement recently.
 It said, "The New South Wales police acknowledges, without qualification, both its and society's acceptance of gay bashings and shocking violence directed at gay men and the LGBT community between 1976 and the year 2000."
 There's just something that, you know, a couple guys get rowdy.
 They beat up a gay dude.
 The police might investigate it.
 88 people falling off cliffs from 1976 to 2000.
 That's when you start to look at possible conspiracy, a possible cover-up.
 One, two, you know, that could be a coincidence.
 One's not even a coincidence. It's just a tragic thing.
 But 88, 27 of them have been considered murderous.
 They don't think that the Scott White guy killed the other 26.
 They think it was other groups of people pushing them off the cliff.
 Horrifying, horrifying story.
 And for the longest time, no one was even investigating it.
 Timothy, get us out of here with this carpenter copter.
 Disturbing story.
 I actually debated whether or not it would be a good Friday story.
 Does it something -- I tend to have more -- I like to have more uplifting stuff on Fridays, but I think it's an important story.
 And I think it does have the happiest ending we can have.
 We have justice being served.
 We have a man's name being cleared that he didn't commit suicide.
 And you have a brother realizing that his -- the justice for his brother was found.
 So it's as good as an ending as we could hope for in this type of situation.
 Timothy, let's take us up in that carpenter copter.
 And while we are in midair, we're going to figure out some way to do this.
 We're going to move around.
 Okay, I'm going to hold the steering wheel.
 Beatrice, you are going to take Timothy's place.
 He has to sit in the back now.
 Fly us on out in this beautiful carpenter copter.
 We're headed out to India.
 We're flying.
 We are actually going to do a lot of stops this episode.
 First off, Beatrice, fly us over to Bandgad Fort.
 We're flying over this giant fort.
 It was built in 1573, so we're actually going to a little bit around that time period.
 Hit that button right there or going back in time.
 We're now flying over this giant earthworks fort.
 Massive fortress.
 10,000 people live inside of it.
 We're in the Alwar district in the Rajasthan state of India.
 And now we're going to land.
 We're going to walk around.
 We'll walk up to the front gate.
 Hey, let us in.
 And that's a magic word.
 That's the password to get in.
 Whether that was the gate opening up, not a constipated old man.
 We walk into the gate.
 It's old timey.
 It's like in the 1500s and everyone's like walking around doing their stuff.
 But in the middle of town is the most beautiful woman around.
 It's Ratnavati.
 Ratnavati, she's the princess of Bangra.
 So Ratnavati is walking around and all the men are like wanting to marry her.
 Quote unquote, marry her.
 We know what they really want to do.
 But she has not taken a suitor yet.
 And the men are like, oh, I can't wait to high shifts from side to side to marry her.
 But she's super beautiful.
 Everyone wants her.
 Most importantly though, in the background is this old man named Singhaya.
 And he's like, ha ha ha, she is the one I must possess.
 Imagine Gaston, but disgusting looking.
 Actually imagine Gaston, but he's the beast.
 And he's also a super powerful wizard.
 And he's not the beast where he has a lovable heart.
 He can actually have a lovable heart.
 Wasn't he like a vein jerk?
 And then he turned into a monster and then someone stabbed him in the back.
 And he goes, oh, maybe I shouldn't be such a horrible person.
 Did he really change that much?
 Like thinking about that story, he didn't really come around.
 He basically was just like, oh no, I'm about to become a monster.
 She fell in love with him.
 But I don't think they never showed him like being nice to the cup, right?
 He wasn't like, oh, I'm not going to make you dance for my own enjoyment.
 I'm not going to eat food out of you anymore, Mrs. Boll.
 He's basically a monstrous man inside and out.
 And he's a super powerful wizard.
 But he wants Rat Navati so bad that he watches her go into this perfume store all the time.
 And he knows what her favorite perfume is.
 And he's like, disguised, he's basically disguised as a perfume bottle in the corner.
 A wizard sized perfume bottle.
 He realizes, hmm, that's her favorite perfume.
 What if I added a love potion to it?
 And then stands right next to her, she'll love me forever.
 Here's a tip.
 I'm not an evil doer or anything like that.
 But don't announce your plans where your victim can hear it.
 Ha ha!
 If only this bank knew I was going to rob it at 2.45 p.m.
 Yes, I would like to withdraw $100, please.
 Yeah, you don't do that, right?
 Because he must have done it relatively in her ear shop because she knows of the planet.
 So he goes and he creates a love concoction.
 He puts it in a bottle.
 He makes it look like the bottle of the perfume she loves and she walks up to it one day.
 And he's sitting there, oh yes, here she comes.
 Soon she'll be mine.
 And she picks up the perfume that has a love potion in it.
 And she knows if she sprays it on her, she'll fall in love with this horrible magician.
 She does really, it's quick thinking, right?
 I guess the quick thinking is just don't even engage with the bottle.
 Because what if it accidentally had a crack in her or something like that.
 But anyways, she picks the bottle up and she smashes it against the boulder.
 And the wizard's like, "No, you figured out my plan.
 I'll just have to try another love spell."
 Wait, no, no.
 And he looks and the boulder is moving towards him.
 [Bullet noises]
 And he's like, "No, the boulder can't love.
 It has no soul."
 And the boulder starts chasing the wizard through the street.
 Because the boulder is madly in love with him.
 Eventually the boulder crushes the wizard all over the city streets.
 And then just lays on top of him.
 And he's underneath the boulder and he goes, "Uh, that was a pretty good trick.
 It was a pretty good trick, but now everyone in this city will."
 Everyone's like, "Well, golly, I wonder what he cursed us with.
 I wonder what that evil wizard cursed us with.
 Everyone in the city is going to get rich and powerful.
 Woohoo, I'm not moving."
 Well, no, that's not what was the curse.
 He cursed everyone to die in the city.
 And sure enough, according to the legend,
 sometimes a couple days later, sometimes up to a year later,
 the city was laid siege by a rival army
 and slaughtered everyone in the city, including the princess.
 Nobody survived.
 So apparently the battle is historical.
 The question is, how much of the other stuff is historical?
 The princess might have actually been around.
 There could have been a wizard walking around,
 but I don't necessarily believe that he was able to concoct love potions.
 If the love potion was so powerful, it would make a boulder fall in love with you.
 The boulder grows giant cartoony eyelashes and big pink lips.
 It's trying to kiss you.
 If you gave that to a human, she would have been just as obsessed.
 Like, you want a girl to be into you, but at a certain point, you're like,
 "Uh, I gotta do my own thing. How magic spells the cast, babe?
 I want you, I want you, I want you."
 Nobody wants that level of devotion.
 So you probably put a little too much power in it anyways,
 but it doesn't matter.
 He got his revenge, he cursed the fort for everybody to die,
 and I actually forgot this part of the story.
 This is a separate story.
 When they went to build the fort, there was an old wizard, a different wizard.
 Apparently there's just a bunch of wizards in this area.
 There was another wizard, and they came to build this fort, and the people go,
 "Hey, we know you're like a powerful wizard and all that stuff,
 but we're gonna build the fort nearby."
 You know, just 'cause.
 And the wizard goes, "That's fine, I'll allow you to build the fort,
 but none of your buildings can be taller than my house."
 And for whatever reason, the fort people were nice enough to ask him permission.
 They obviously knew this guy was powerful enough that they should get his permission.
 But then they're like, "Whatever, we're just gonna build it as big as we want."
 So they built a giant anyways.
 He said you can build it, just don't make it taller than my house,
 'cause he didn't want any shadows on his house.
 So he cursed it.
 Now, there's a lot of curses going around in the story.
 The one guy, he gets crushed by a rock, and he curses it
 so everyone's going to get slaughtered.
 10,000 people, remember?
 Everyone's gonna get slaughtered in this thing, and it came true.
 This first wizard must have just been having an off day,
 'cause he goes, "If you build this fort bigger than my house,
 a horrible curse will befall you."
 The curse is, "There's no roofs."
 Roofs are constantly collapsing, so...
 I mean, the other guy did get 10,000 people killed.
 You just made it so shoddy engineering happens.
 Supposedly, I kept coming across this, and it may be true,
 but supposedly the Archaeological Survey of India,
 they're in charge of this, it still exists, it's a monument.
 You can go on tours.
 Only during the day, the Archaeological Survey has banned anyone from visiting it at night,
 'cause they said there's too many ghosts.
 They said it's too spooky, that's what it actually says in the government handbook.
 Too spooky, you can't go out there at night.
 There's a bunch of... there's like 10,000 ghosts,
 there might still be some love potion floating around.
 You might accidentally see a rock, and you're like,
 "Ooh, I'm gonna take a nap against this rock,"
 and then like, you get it on your back.
 You get a little bit of love potion, it goes through your shirt,
 and the next thing you see is a member of the Archaeological Survey of India walk by,
 and you're like, "Vaboo!"
 You're chasing them around all comically.
 They don't want that happening.
 So that is our first stop on our ghost Indian tour.
 Let's just move over. Let's let Timothy back in that Carbonarcopter.
 We're gonna take turns.
 We're headed out to the Lambi Dehar Mines in Masori.
 The Lambi Dehar Mines of Masori's, what this is known as.
 Helicopter, we're leaving behind the fort.
 We're leaving behind that super cute boulder.
 Checking it out.
 It's all super shapely.
 Looks like one of those fertility statues.
 Jason, quit staring at the boulder.
 Give us directions.
 We're headed out to the Lambi Dehar Mines.
 The Radden District of Yatarkhand.
 So in this mine, this is giant mining system.
 We're back in time. There's just a bunch of miners.
 The job, not the age group.
 Knocking down rocks and stuff like that.
 Making holes in mountains.
 So when I'm saying back in time, this is one of those stories that I thought was so weird.
 Let me tell you this story, and then I'll tell you the time period that it takes place in.
 So what's weird about the story is, I don't know much about the working conditions of India,
 but if this story is any example of what it's like to work in a mine in India,
 oh my god, this is insane, because they're doing this mining operation, right?
 And it said that there has to be something wrong.
 There has to be something wrong with, there has to be multiple errors with this passage.
 So what's going on is they're working on this mine,
 and of course when you're doing any sort of mining, it has a high fatality rate.
 A lot of people die mining.
 In this particular mine, 50,000 people died.
 50,000 people died.
 You go Jason, you know, mines are, you just said mines are super dangerous,
 and you know, this mine's probably been in operation for a long time,
 and maybe not had the best working conditions.
 I don't know what the unions are like over in India, or if the unions even exist.
 50,000 people can die in mines in a given time period.
 I would agree with you if this story took place, like from the 1800s to today.
 50,000 people died in the 1990s.
 When we were listening to Ace of Base and watching TRL,
 50,000 people died mining in this place.
 Saved by the bell was still on the air, bro.
 50,000 people died, and I can't, what is going on over there?
 And the way that they died, 50,000 people died, you figure,
 okay, maybe 100 fall down a shaft, a thousand, you know, just get lost in there.
 Most of these people died, almost all of them died from choking on their own blood.
 Okay, like I get it, people build bridges, people fall into the concrete as it's being poured,
 like that great song of the highwaymen.
 That's where I get all my tragedies from, is country music songs.
 I did this story recently by the Husak Tunnel, people are getting blown up doing that.
 50,000 people died, most of them from vomiting blood.
 Who was like, "Ugh, what time is it? Oh man, I'm running late, better get to the choking blood mine."
 Hopefully I'm not one of those guys who chokes on his own blood today.
 No, Surrey, nobody knows what's causing it.
 You go there, they give you all the protective gear possible.
 Will this help? I don't know, we don't know what's causing people to choke on their own blood.
 And honestly, I don't think they were handing out protective gear if 50,000 people died in the 1990s.
 Anyways, these choking blood mines, that's where these people worked.
 If 50,000 people died, I can only imagine there would have to be what, a million people working there?
 I hope it wasn't, they had a labor force of 55,000 people, and they're like, "Well, there's 5,000 of you left, good job."
 "Good thing you guys didn't choke on your own blood."
 "I'll see you guys at the next mine."
 You're like, "What, next mine? Apparently made it out of this one."
 People don't like to go to these mines. I wouldn't, right?
 I don't think you'll ever see the ghost hunters go out there.
 They're like, "Yeah, before we can go in here with our ghost equipment, what exactly caused everyone to choke on their own blood?"
 The foreman's like, "I don't know, he never could."
 Blood's pouring out of his mouth.
 I think ghost hunters, I think Zach Baggins is a little more intelligent,
 then go to a place where blood is just pouring out of people's throats, but the people in town don't go there.
 They don't go there at all.
 Why not? Why do you ask?
 Other than the fact that 50,000 humans died here, while Amy Grant still had a number one album.
 Here's this quote of why they don't travel there.
 "Locals refuse to venture close to the mines after sunset, as they believe that the place is held by a witch,
 whose blood-curdling shrieks could be heard in the deathly silence of night."
 Oh yeah, dude, thousands of people dying, the serious blood-coughing disease, yeah, whatever.
 Witch? What?
 Do you hear a spooky noise in the distance?
 Oh no, a witch is screaming, I better go hide in this cave.
 I think the reason why you wouldn't go there wouldn't be the witch.
 The witch noise, which is probably just a fox.
 Don't go there because 50,000 people died there.
 Don't go there because while I was watching Terminator 2 at the movie theater,
 50,000 people were spilling blood out of their own throat into a cave floor.
 I don't care about the witch, I don't know if the mines are still in operation.
 I hope the mines still aren't in operation.
 I don't even know what they're mining, they're mining hebo-globin.
 The CEOs, like, a little do they know what we really want is that sweet, sweet plasma.
 They're throwing it up in a bucket.
 Anyways, Beatrice, Timothy, this time you guys are going to share control of the carbonic copter, each holding onto a joystick.
 It's going to make it super chaotic, but we are flying out to our last location we're visiting.
 We're flying out to Dow Hill, that's in Kursong in West Bengal.
 Now I was getting most of this information from a website called OYO Travel Guide.
 This was an article entitled "Bone-Curtainling Adventures at India's Most Haunted Places."
 Actually, before we get into the last one, one of the places they listed was this bizarre story about this woman who said she was a princess
 and the British government owed her a bunch of money and they took all of her stuff and the government was like,
 "We don't really think you're a princess, we just think you're kind of nuts, but we will give you this patch of land called Moucha Mahal."
 So she went there, she was living with her kids.
 It was super gross, it was this rundown hunting lodge.
 And she is so disgusted with her living situation, she used to be a princess.
 And again, people are saying historically she actually wasn't a princess, but she felt she was owed more than this,
 so she decides to kill herself.
 Her two young kids are still there, she decides to kill herself by swallowing diamond dust.
 I mean, I'm not, I am totally anti-suicide, but if you gotta go, if you can swallow enough diamond dust to take you off the mortal plane,
 that's baller, dude.
 That's something that I think Rick Ross would want to do.
 That is straight up like a baller move.
 But, I mean, she leaves her two kids there and they're like, "No, no, our fortune!"
 Swallows all this diamond dust.
 That is actually, first off, that's a great name for a band.
 Secondly, if I knew someone who killed himself on diamond dust, I'd be like, "That's unfortunate!"
 But I'm cutting that stomach open, dude, we're getting some of that diamond dust.
 Apparently she did have some money set aside, and then I had this great quote.
 I don't even know why I said we're going to the next location, because I wanted to include this one.
 Here's this quote about the, so the kids are living on, here's this quote.
 "The eerie story of how these two humans," referring to the kids.
 "The eerie story of how these two humans have survived here for so long,
 in a place that does not have any electricity, water supply, and is surrounded by trees and a forest is chilling.
 They wear only black robes.
 And the brother sometimes goes out on his bicycle to buy food and supplies."
 They kind of lose the mysterious quality, right?
 Like, if there's a bunch of hermets living in the woods, "Uhhh..."
 And you, like, walk by the house late at night, and like, you might see like a candlelight moving through the house of no electricity.
 And the next day, you see a guy in a black robe getting a slurpee.
 "Hey, Jason, how's it going?"
 "Oh yeah, the hermit life's really good. Super spooky. I saw you walk by, huh? I had that candle."
 "Yeah, it's pretty cool, huh?"
 "Oh, the slurpee's so good."
 "Yeah, yeah, and I'm going to get some beef jerky for my sister, and then I'm going to ride on my bike, wearing a hooded black cloak."
 How's that, how's that part even possible?
 You know he took the cloak off.
 You know, like, when he's hanging at home with his sister, he's like, "Oh, yes, we are servants of darkness."
 "I need to go and get some more refreshments." Then he leaves, puts his cloak and his backpack.
 He's all dressed up snazzy as a tank top on underneath, driving through town, playing video games in the arcade, and then comes back.
 He's like, "Ahhh, sister, you won't believe the madness outside."
 But anyways, so yeah, I just thought it was a funny visual. It doesn't everything do with ghosts.
 Those two kids are dead now, too.
 I should say they did grow up to become adults, and they're dead.
 But that story was real. That story is actually documented.
 Let's, again, we're turning the carbonicopter back around. You guys are both in control of it.
 We're headed to Dahl Hill. That's in Kursong, West Bengal.
 We're going to wrap it up like this. This quote just speaks for itself.
 Remember, this is from that OYO travel guide, that article, "Bone, Kirtling Adventures in India's Most Haunted Places."
 The Victoria-- so this is a private school area.
 The Victoria Boys High School in Dahl Hill Girls' Boarding School in Kursong, Darjeeling, are believed to be the residence of many spirits whose footsteps can be heard echoing through the hallways.
 There have been countless murdered bodies found in the woods surrounding the schools, and several locals and tourists report being followed by a headless boy who then disappears into the woods.
 That's classic ghost story stuff. We don't have 50,000 people coming down with a mysterious disease.
 We don't have rocks that fall in love with humans, or suicide via diamond dust.
 We have this great story. We have countless murdered bodies in the woods surrounding the school, and people being haunted by a headless boy who disappears into the woods.
 That's what we're here for, India. Thank you so much.
 Right underneath this story on that OYO travel website, there's a button.
 "Find best hotels in Darjeeling."
 I don't want to go to a hotel there, bro. You basically made it, so I never want to go to a hotel there.
 Who reads that? I mean, literally, there's a button right underneath that paragraph.
 Who's reading that and goes, "Honey, you know how we always talk about seeing a headless boy? I found a place. Countless bodies, count me in. I can't wait to go."
 This is going to be so awesome. Who went madman?
 First off, they should have a tag.
 So any hotel that gets a reservation from that particular button, they put that person in a room far away from everyone else.
 If anyone read that passage and then tries to book a hotel in that area, they need to be completely segregated from society.
 Absolutely terrifying.
 India is one of the oldest cultures on the planet. I was actually surprised. There weren't many ghost stories.
 I went through about three or four top ten most haunted places in India lists. A lot of them were repeated.
 These were the four most intriguing ones, and the one with the woman eating all the diamond dust.
 You can even have a ghost in it, which is kind of a weird location of visit. You can still see that hunting lodge.
 I was actually surprised that there weren't more ghost stories.
 A lot of the hauntings could be happening out in the wilderness.
 It may not be an issue where you have a haunted house in the middle of town that everyone knows about,
 but it could be the hunting lodge, or the clearing in the woods, or the rugged mountain path.
 Because in a culture that old, everything has been tinged with memories.
 Everything should be carrying some sort of resonance.
 One of the reasons why we don't get a ton of ghost stories out of India is because a lot of people don't survive them.
 I had that story a long time ago, and it's one of the ones that I think about from time to time.
 We're close to 500 episodes on this show, and it's a story that pops up in my head all the time.
 There's about the two friends who were watching The Conjuring 2, and one of them just died.
 One of them died in the movie theater, and then the friend was driving him to the hospital in an auto rickshaw,
 and they've never been seen since. The rickshaw's gone, the body's gone, the guy driving the rickshaw completely disappeared.
 Think about it, we're almost at 500 episodes, and all the stories I've told, there are a few stories that stick with me.
 That's one of them. I think that we may not have a huge variety of ghost stories in India.
 The country's so huge, the country's so old, that I think it would be much easier to go missing in that country,
 to be walking down that rugged path, be whistling as you're hiking through that forest,
 to walk into that house at the very, very edge of town and simply go missing.
 Your loved ones would look for you, of course, but would they ever find you?
 These are the ghost stories we hear of, because these are the ghost stories that people come back from, and are able to tell us,
 "Oh, I was out there, I saw a witch," as they wipe blood away from their mouth.
 "Where'd you get that coffee at?" "Oh, no big deal."
 The one with park services and tour guides and all that stuff.
 But the true hauntings, the terrifying hauntings, are the ones you don't come back from.
 And if you don't survive the encounter to tell the story, it never will end up on a top 10 list.
 [Music]
 DeadRabberRadio@gmail.com is going to be our email address.
 You can also hit us up at facebook.com/deadrabberadio.
 Twitter is @deadrabberradio.
 DeadRabberRadio is your daily paranormal conspiracy and true crime podcast.
 You don't have to listen to it every day, but I'm glad you listened to it today.
 Have a great one, guys. Have a great weekend, guys.
 [Music]
