 They truly are like family to us.
 We are so lucky to have these people that just care.
 At Ann and Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago,
 we know that caring for your child takes more than medicine.
 They're not just treating the disease.
 They're caring for Olivia.
 They know my baby's name.
 They make me happy.
 And they make me feel better.
 With cutting-edge treatments and kid-friendly care,
 there's a reason Lurie Children's has ranked the number one
 Children's Hospital in Illinois.
 I would always recommend Lurie Children's, always.
 A mishmash of Thanksgiving-based conspiracies, maybe?
 And is Donald Trump a time traveler?
 The evidence may surprise you today on Dead Rabbit...
 Today on the Thanksgiving episode of Dead Rabbit Rating.
 (upbeat music)
 - Hey, everyone. Welcome back to Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm your host, Jason Carpenter.
 I'm having a great day.
 I hope you're having a great day too.
 It is the Thanksgiving special of Dead Rabbit Radio.
 I'm actually recording this five in the morning
 the day before Thanksgiving.
 I can't sleep.
 My ear woke me up.
 Plus, I got an email from a listener named Shakira Shakira,
 cracking a joke.
 And the email woke me up.
 I had the alert on my phone.
 But Shakira Shakira, who has given us great stories
 in the past, has also given me some great resources
 for an upcoming story.
 So despite the fact that your email woke me up,
 thank you for the information.
 But that's neither in or there.
 So it is our Thanksgiving episode now.
 I was bemoaning the fact that there weren't
 any Thanksgiving stories or like,
 Thanksgiving is the middle child of the winter holidays.
 We have Halloween, we have Christmas.
 And Thanksgiving kind of gets the short shift.
 There's no "Shrift."
 There's no Thanksgiving songs.
 There's really no Thanksgiving movies.
 I guess like, "Plain Strings and Automobiles" might be.
 That might take place during Christmas though,
 I'm not for sure.
 But I was like,
 there has to be some Thanksgiving conspiracies out there.
 Now, I did find a story about a Thanksgiving ghost
 about a young woman.
 This, it was so bizarre.
 This woman, it's like, she killed herself over love.
 And then her ghost is haunting this hotel.
 And then I read a little bit more in the article
 and they're like, she was married,
 but she was having an affair.
 And I was like, okay, well, whatever.
 So that story, and anyways,
 the ghost just floated down the hallway.
 Like those aren't really compelling ghost stories.
 And then I was like, well, maybe there was some good murders.
 And we're true crime podcast.
 Maybe there's some good murders on Thanksgiving.
 Come on, give me a horrible tragedy for my episode.
 And I looked and there was a couple of family slaughtered,
 but surprise, surprise,
 most family slaughter stories take place during Christmas.
 And there was one interesting story on Thanksgiving
 where there was this guy,
 his house kept getting burglarized.
 And he was like, I'm tired of my house getting broken into.
 So he, this doesn't deserve a whole segment,
 but it's definitely worth talking about
 for a moment or two.
 So there was this guy, and it's super vague,
 but it's in the show notes.
 So there was this guy, it was Thanksgiving.
 This is like in the nineties, I think.
 I should have been more prepared for this segment,
 but he's sitting in his basement
 and he got tired of his house getting broken into
 all the time.
 And these two teenage people who had been breaking
 into his house came in
 and one of them started walking into the basement
 and he shot him with his rifle
 and the body tumbles down the stairs
 and he finished him off.
 And then at that point,
 the burglar's cohort slash cousin,
 a young woman came to the top of the stairs
 and the homeowner shot her too.
 And she tumbled down the stairs
 and then he put the gun underneath her chin,
 blew her brains out.
 Now this is notable for two reasons.
 One, the entire thing was recorded
 because his house was getting burglarized,
 though, you know, for a long time.
 He had cameras everywhere.
 He had audio recording, video recording.
 So the police were able to watch
 from the moment that people were outside the house
 to the point where he was shooting them.
 And because it was recording the whole time,
 they had video footage and audio footage
 of him kind of muttering to himself.
 He waited in the basement all day long.
 It was like six hours, he was just in the basement.
 He knew they were gonna try to break in.
 And so he argued that he had the right to shoot them
 because they were in his house.
 The castle doctrine is a thing
 in a lot of states in America.
 You can defend your home.
 The police argued that he was lying in wait.
 He was down there for too long
 with his rifles ready to go, which is different.
 And the fact that he was, well,
 and the fact that he was kind of muttering in the darkness,
 like practicing what he was gonna say afterwards,
 and the fact that he finished them off.
 Like he shot them and then he like,
 as they were laying on the ground,
 he shot them more times.
 That's Thanksgiving related
 because he did it on Thanksgiving
 and he didn't call the police till the next day.
 He goes, "I didn't wanna ruin your Thanksgiving.
 I wanted you guys to have a good meal."
 He was eventually found guilty of two counts.
 I think it was first degree
 'cause he was lying in wait,
 which is a special circumstance.
 He got life in prison for that.
 But yeah, even that was,
 that I kind of stumbled across that.
 I was expecting more family massacres.
 There were a few, I'm not disappointed
 that didn't happen, but there were a few,
 nothing notable though.
 Okay, so I found a couple of tidbits of Thanksgiving trivia
 that you can share with your family.
 Okay, so here's some Thanksgiving based,
 interesting facts and not like how much a turkey weighs
 when it dies or stupid stuff like that.
 So we know the traditional story of Thanksgiving
 was the pilgrims were like,
 "Oh, I don't have nothing to eat."
 And then the Native America showed up
 and was like, "Here's some food."
 And they ate and they had a good time.
 And then there was like other stuff,
 you know, like people started slaughtering each other
 afterwards, the original family massacre.
 But you had a long period of time
 where that was just kind of a nice story to tell.
 The idea of actually like Thanksgiving being a holiday
 didn't really pop up until like the mid 1800s.
 There was an author named Sarah Joseph Beul Hale.
 I'll just call her Mrs. Hale.
 Anyway, so, or we'll just call her Sarah
 'cause I like that name.
 So Sarah wanted to really like,
 she thought Thanksgiving needed to be this time
 where people get together and celebrate family.
 And she was an author and she would write scenes
 in her books where everyone's like,
 "Isn't Thanksgiving great?"
 And the holiday didn't even exist,
 but she was putting it into her books
 and it was like people eating all this food,
 having a great time and readers were like,
 "Oh, that would be really awesome if this was real."
 She was the equivalent of,
 it'd be the equivalent of watching stars
 and being like, "Man, I wish I had a lightsaber."
 But she did that with Thanksgiving.
 So she was really pushing for Thanksgiving
 to be this holiday.
 Now, during the Civil War,
 Lincoln was thinking,
 "You know what, this actually might be a good way
 "to bring the people together."
 Like both sides, if we had this time
 where people were like, "Let's appreciate what we have."
 And everybody knew that Sarah was doing this big.
 So Lincoln didn't just like,
 come up with this out of the blue,
 but people were talking that this could be a good moment
 for people to just take things for what they have.
 You know, it was national tragedy,
 everyone's dying, all sorts of stuff.
 And so Sarah wrote Lincoln a letter saying,
 "I think Thanksgiving would be a great idea.
 "Like we could use this to help bridge the gap
 "between the North and the South."
 She was just, that's all she cared about
 was getting Thanksgiving made.
 Well, anyway, so Lincoln,
 before he even got that letter,
 thought, "You know what, we need to have this national day
 "that brings the country together."
 And this was Abraham Lincoln's version of Thanksgiving.
 This is what he had in mind
 for a day of giving thanks.
 He wanted it to be a day, this is in his words,
 "a day of public humiliation, prayer, and fasting."
 So you would basically, you wouldn't eat,
 it's the opposite of Thanksgiving.
 You wouldn't eat,
 and you would publicly humiliate yourself.
 And it would start with the people
 acknowledging the supreme government of God
 and bowing in humble submission to his chastisements.
 They were then to publicly confess
 and deplore their sins and transgressions
 and beg for forgiveness.
 I don't see that holiday ever really taking any,
 that wouldn't work.
 I don't wanna know your public sins, man,
 because people are weird.
 I don't wanna know, I mean,
 if obviously if a friend came to me and said,
 "Hey listen, I'm going through some trouble,"
 that's fine.
 But I don't want to like,
 I don't wanna be walking on the street
 and seeing people publicly humiliate themselves.
 And actually, that's interesting.
 Why do you want people to publicly humiliate themselves
 and publicly confess their sins
 because really it's kind of the same thing?
 'Cause people are going to confess stuff
 that is quite humiliating.
 That's why they kept it secret in the first place.
 Could you, Jesus, can you imagine the town,
 like we have town,
 everyone comes out into the town for Halloween
 and everyone comes out into town for Christmas.
 I don't wanna walk down the street
 while people are being like,
 "Oh, I'm so bad, I ate all that food.
 "Oh, I'm so bad at cheating on my wife, please God."
 That would be horrifying.
 But that was Abraham Lincoln's vision
 for the original Thanksgiving.
 So while you're eating that turkey,
 we're doing whatever you do on Thanksgiving.
 It's probably eating turkey.
 Imagine, imagine, it could be far worse.
 Abraham Lincoln got his way.
 Oh, and, fun note, I found this out too.
 Abraham Lincoln was the first president to pardon a turkey.
 This is conspiracy.
 Abraham Lincoln was the first president to pardon a turkey.
 So,
 so, and then nobody else pardoned,
 no other president pardoned the turkey
 until John F. Kennedy.
 No joke, no joke, John F. Kennedy,
 first president since Lincoln to pardon a turkey.
 Three days later, he was shot in the...
 (laughs)
 Oh, okay, but one more Thanksgiving related tidbit.
 I found this absolutely hilarious.
 So Thanksgiving always kinda gets brushed under the rug.
 If this was a part of Thanksgiving today,
 it would be the most popular holiday on the planet.
 So, so,
 okay, so on Thanksgiving day,
 they had this thing basically called ragamuffin day.
 So what do you would do?
 This was in New York.
 This is in New York.
 But you would get people in New York
 would get frying pans.
 Let me stop laughing here.
 They'd, 'cause it's very serious.
 This is a very, very serious topic.
 People in New York on Thanksgiving day,
 they would take their frying pans
 and they would throw pennies in the frying pan
 and heat 'em up, make 'em really, really hot, right?
 People were poor back then.
 So if you saw a penny on the ground, you pick it up.
 Especially...
 (coyote howls)
 Especially children,
 because pennies are worth more back then.
 A child sees a penny on the ground and you pick it up.
 You have good luck, isn't that what they say?
 It's money.
 Kids love money.
 So they would take the frying pan
 and heat up the pennies.
 Then they would call them red pennies.
 They'd throw 'em onto the street.
 They would throw 'em out their window
 and they'd rain down on the street.
 (laughs)
 And kids would pick 'em up.
 Like you would literally watch.
 Kids would dress up for Rag 'Em Up in Dave.
 It was part of Thanksgiving day.
 The kids would walk down the street
 in their costumes.
 You would see 'em coming and you'd be like,
 "Hurry up, Martha.
 Hurry up."
 "I'm trying, Eddie.
 I'm trying to get 'em hotter."
 And then as the kids were coming closer,
 you throw the pennies out the window.
 Now, I don't know why the kids didn't catch on
 after the third or fourth year
 that when pennies are falling down from window,
 they're probably red hot.
 But anyways,
 the kids would reach down and pick 'em up.
 Horribly burned their hands.
 Why don't we do stuff like that anymore?
 Wouldn't that be, I mean, yeah, I get it.
 It would get sued and little kids would burn hands,
 but you'd get those calluses.
 It would be good for working in the mines
 or in the smelting pits back then.
 So red hot penny day, Rag 'Em Up in Dave.
 Rag 'Em Up in Dave.
 We should bring that back.
 I just found that.
 So, okay.
 Kids got horribly hurt.
 It's still kind of funny.
 Actually, they get horribly hurt.
 You blister your finger.
 I mean, unless I guess you picked it up,
 put it in your pocket and you were in gasoline in your pants.
 But that's it.
 That's really all I could find
 that was conspiracy related for Thanksgiving.
 But it's a couple little facts
 you can tell your relatives.
 Clip your nephew a penny.
 Just be like, "Uncle, why are you wearing those oven mitts
 and have that bag of pennies?"
 You're like, "You'll see.
 You'll see."
 Now, I do want to say this.
 One of the main things that people have problem with
 when they get together for Thanksgiving is
 people talk politics.
 So people come, your family's coming
 from all over the country.
 They're all in different geographical areas.
 You travel there.
 They're gonna have different political view than you.
 You guys live in different areas.
 You guys have different education.
 You guys consume different levels of media.
 So on and so forth.
 And of course, it's been what?
 Two years since the Trump election.
 So there's gonna be a lot of that still.
 People are still talking Trump.
 Now, depending on where you're at,
 one of your relatives is gonna show up
 and be like, "Trump, oh my God.
 He's a fascist.
 He's the next Hitler, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah."
 And you're just gonna try to roll your eyes.
 Or they're gonna show up and be like,
 "Magga, yes, build the wall.
 Lock her up."
 And you're just gonna be like,
 "You're gonna roll your eyes."
 Depending where you're out in the political scale.
 But I have an antidote for wherever you're at there.
 That whenever your relative is talking about Trump,
 pro or against, you can look him in the eye and say,
 "Did you know Donald Trump is a time traveler?"
 Make sure to tell him you listened to it on Dead Rabbit Radio.
 You know, get the word out.
 But you'll be able to look at that person and go,
 "Did you know that there is actually possible proof
 that Donald Trump is a time traveler?"
 And then just sit back.
 And they're gonna look at you.
 And they're gonna say, "Teach me what you know.
 Teach me.
 Teach me these things."
 Okay, so let's get into this.
 This was really bizarre.
 Now it's funny.
 So I got an email from a listener a couple of days ago
 and they asked me if I had ever looked into this before.
 And it was from Andrew.
 Andrew emailed me.
 And I said, "This was originally the first episode
 of the podcast.
 Before I knew what type of format I was going to do,
 I did a test run of the show.
 And it was, is Donald Trump a time traveler?"
 And it was funny because then I had completely forgotten
 about it because technically I had covered it.
 Like in my mind, it was a story that I'd already done.
 I recorded a whole like 10 minute segment.
 I think it's lost to time now,
 but then I went on and did episode one.
 So I kind of had covered it in my mind.
 He brought it back to my attention.
 So you're thinking, Jason, is Donald,
 what possible proof do you have
 that Donald Trump is a time traveler?
 My first answer to that would be like,
 what proof do I need?
 I mean, he's defied all odds, but there is proof.
 Or a series of coincidences that seem very, very odd.
 So let's go back.
 Let's visit the city of New York.
 It's November.
 A highly unpopular outsider candidate
 wins the presidency of the United States.
 And the city's on fire.
 Not literally, but with people riding.
 The entire East side is in a state of uproar.
 Police officers are moving through the street,
 warning people to stay off the streets
 as these riots go on.
 Mobs of vast sizes are organizing
 under the lead of anarchists and socialists.
 And they threaten to plunder and to spoil
 the houses of the rich who have wronged
 and oppressed them for so many years.
 The Fifth Avenue Hotel will be the first
 to feel the fury of the mob.
 Would the troops be in time to save it?
 Now that's not my opinion.
 That's not from a news report.
 That is from a book that was published in 1900
 called The Last President.
 The book The Last President is the third
 in a series of books about a little boy
 named Baron Trump.
 There was an author back in the 1800s
 named Ingersoll Lockwood.
 He wrote a lot of children's books,
 but these three books have come to attention recently.
 The first book was The Travels and Adventures
 of Little Baron Trump and his wonderful dog, Bulger.
 Oh, no puppy.
 1893, he wrote the sequel,
 Baron Trump's Marvelous Underground Journey.
 So these were basically like Jules Verne type stories,
 Alice in Wonderland type stories.
 And then the third book was 1900
 or The Last President was the name of that book.
 So Baron Trump is this little boy.
 So the, we're gonna go, don't worry,
 this gets even weirder.
 The character of Baron Trump in the book,
 his name is like William Trump.
 Baron is his title.
 And I guess I should say in case you don't know,
 Donald Trump's son is named Baron Trump.
 Donald Trump, that is the name of,
 in real life, Donald Trump's son.
 And in the book, the character is named Baron Trump.
 I guess I should have said that.
 Not everybody knows the name of Donald Trump's family,
 but yeah, so that's, in the 1800s,
 there was a book series called
 about a kid named Baron Trump.
 Today, Donald Trump has a real kid named Baron Trump.
 And you're like, maybe he read the book.
 Maybe he just named this kid after the book.
 And that's fair.
 It's far more reasonable than what we're going to get into,
 but this character, Baron Trump,
 lives with the Trump family.
 They live on Fifth Avenue in New York City in Trump Castle.
 Donald Trump in real life,
 originally lived in Fifth Avenue in Trump Tower.
 Baron Trump has a buddy, a mystical guy named Don Fum.
 Now Don is like a signatory.
 It's like a sir.
 He's a Spaniard, so it's not like his name's Donald.
 There's this mystic guy named Don Fum,
 who helps open these portals for Baron Trump
 and his dog, Bolger, to go on these adventures.
 No joke.
 He opens these portals and leads them to Russia.
 Okay.
 Again, just coincidence, coincidence, coincidence.
 Okay, so in real life,
 Baron Trump does not have a dog named Bolger.
 They actually didn't even have a dog
 until Trump got elected president.
 They did get a dog to when they moved to the White House.
 And Baron Trump loves this dog.
 The dog's name is Patton, like General Patton.
 Now this is a bit of a stretch,
 but again, it's just odd.
 General Patton was a general during World War II
 and he was instrumental in one of the greatest
 allied victories of World War II,
 Battle of the Bulge, Bulge, Bolger.
 Now to be fair, before you guys shut off the podcast,
 I didn't make that connection.
 I didn't make that connection.
 I read it on a website.
 So don't blame me for that ridiculousness.
 And you're gonna say, Jason, is that all you're gonna do
 is you're going to read us coincidences
 between a children's book series and Donald Trump.
 And I'm not, because that is honestly
 not even the weird stuff.
 Now we're gonna get weird.
 This theory first came to my attention
 before I even heard about the kids' books.
 This theory that Donald Trump is a time traveler
 has predated his election.
 It was back in like the summer of 2016,
 maybe even a little bit earlier,
 was when this theory started popping up.
 And there's some, again, some weird stuff behind it.
 Nikolai Nikola, I just called him Nikolai.
 Nikolai Tesla is a famous inventor
 for inventing weird stuff.
 He was a contemporary of, believe it was Edison.
 Tesla was always working like he was working on free energy.
 He was working on wireless energy
 so nothing would have to be plugged in.
 He was working on remote control.
 He invented a remote control boat
 and I mean, we're talking like way back in the day.
 He died like in '43 and he had a long career.
 So we're talking like 1910s, 1920s, '30s.
 He was working on all this stuff.
 During World War II, he was talking about
 inventing a death array,
 a thing that could just blow stuff up.
 So he was always working on all this crazy stuff
 and there's been a ton.
 He's like the Tesla coil, you know,
 the electrical coil thing.
 Very, very fringe and connected to things
 like the Philadelphia experiment
 that made the boat disappear.
 Just a lot of fringe science.
 The guy definitely was ahead of his time
 and he wasn't a crackpot.
 Not all of his theories panned out
 but he definitely knew his stuff.
 But he ends up dying
 and the government really wanted his research.
 So they had this group back then
 called the Office of Alien Property.
 So if you died in America,
 but you weren't an American citizen,
 these guys would go take your stuff.
 They went in, they took all of his notes,
 all of his notes.
 To this day, we don't even have access
 to a lot of the stuff that they took.
 There's a lot of his research that we know is missing
 'cause it was mentioned in other places
 but we have no record of it.
 Office of Alien Property then takes all of,
 they don't understand it.
 They're like, this is just high level math,
 high level science, we don't get this.
 Let's go to MIT.
 They can read this nerd stuff.
 So they give it to a guy at MIT named John Trump.
 Donald Trump's uncle.
 Donald Trump's uncle, John.
 Donald Trump's uncle, John now has access
 to some of the most fringe scientific theories of the time
 and honestly, probably even in our time.
 We have nothing even close approaching wireless energy.
 He said, John Trump said,
 ah, there's nothing in these documents.
 Like there's some, he didn't say that.
 John Trump basically said,
 there's a lot of great things in these documents
 but you know, it's a lot of it's fringe stuff.
 I'm paraphrasing but the question is this,
 this guy who was just outside the box,
 100 years ahead of his time or more as a scientist dies.
 All of the stuff that he came up with
 but he didn't have the means to do,
 gets given to this other guy.
 He goes through, it takes out a couple pages,
 turns it over to the government, says yeah,
 I mean, here's what it means but it's a bunch of stuff.
 And like I said, we know documents are missing
 from Tesla's work.
 John Trump's favorite, I guess it goes without saying.
 I don't know why I'm pausing like this.
 John Trump loved his nephew Donald.
 So here's the theory.
 This is where the theory started.
 That John Trump discovered the secret of time travel
 through Tesla's work.
 And then gave those documents to his nephew Donald.
 Donald then uses those documents to build a time machine
 and go into the future and into the past.
 So the books were inspired by his adventures
 or possibly even, it gets weird when we talk about time travel
 or even possibly that in the future,
 his son will go back in time and the books are inspired
 by the life of the actual Baron Trump.
 Could be very likely.
 Or maybe Baron Trump goes back in time
 and writes them himself.
 Oh my God, time travel.
 But anyway, so let's get back to Donald Trump.
 So this is the theory that came out during the election.
 Donald Trump has access to this time machine.
 And again, this theory popped up before the books
 were even on anyone's radars.
 The theory is, now this is where the theory splits
 'cause there's a couple different ideas of what happens.
 I'll tell you what, if I buy into this theory
 that Donald Trump is a time traveler,
 this is what I think happened.
 Donald Trump goes into the future, everything's awesome.
 He uses his knowledge of the future to come back in time
 and make a bunch of money.
 But there's one thing that happens in our timeline
 that didn't happen when he first visited the future.
 And that was 9/11.
 Donald Trump lost a lot of friends in the attacks on 9/11.
 And that's when the Playboy mindset
 had to kind of flip for him
 because he saw what the world could be.
 And this event happened that he didn't foresee
 and he lost a lot of people because of it.
 So it started to kind of change his mindset.
 Now you're thinking, okay, we have that aspect of it.
 Now you're thinking, okay, Donald Trump, fine,
 built the time machine, goes to the future, 9/11,
 da-da-da-da-da-da, does all that stuff.
 Now what?
 Well, like I said, it gets weirder.
 Pence, Vice President Pence is also a time traveler.
 Did you know that?
 Make sure to tell your relatives that too.
 Not only is he also a time traveler,
 he's not from our timeline, he's from the future.
 He's from a future where everybody--
 (laughs)
 I'm not making, okay, when I say I'm not making this up,
 I hope you know that there's people who believe this.
 I'm not sold on this idea,
 but the photographic evidence is a little weird.
 Mike Pence comes from a future
 where everybody looks like Mike Pence.
 That's what people are gonna look like in the future.
 Now I will say this.
 Mike Pence, he's a big dude.
 Like, I saw a picture of him, he is like a yoked up,
 or he's just a broad-shouldered guy,
 but anyway, so I don't know what that has to do with anything.
 So Mike Pence, in the future, everyone looks like Mike Pence.
 That's what humans are gonna look like,
 and he's like from far in the future.
 He traveled back with Donald Trump to say, okay,
 to avoid a terrible future, I have to become president,
 but they aren't gonna vote for me
 because I'm a big old weirdo-looking tank dude.
 So Donald Trump, you run for president,
 use your knowledge of the future
 so you'll know what other people are gonna do,
 and then I'll be your vice president,
 and then when you leave, I'll take over,
 and we'll have this utopian world
 where everyone looks like Mike Pence.
 And so, again, this is a legit theory if you believe.
 Donald Trump goes, okay, great.
 So Mike Pence, his time machine's better
 than Donald Trump's time machine
 'cause it was actually built in the future.
 So Mike Pence can actually send,
 like he can go back, say, five minutes
 to talk to himself five minutes before
 and send that Mike Pence back
 while Mike Pence still exists in the future.
 It's this weird causality loop.
 So there's multiple Mike Penses.
 Everyone looks like Mike Pence in the future,
 but also there's multiple Mike Penses in our timeline,
 and it's the same Mike Pence, and...
 (birds chirping)
 For whatever reason, Tim Cain's wife is a Mike Pence.
 Tim Cain's wife, Tim Cain was
 Hillary Clinton's vice presidential candidate.
 Tim Cain's wife is a Mike Pence.
 Now, they do look an awful lot alike.
 They really do.
 It's super bizarre.
 Now, again, I was reading this conspiracy theory
 before the election, and people were like,
 there's no way Trump is going to lose.
 There's absolutely no way he's going to lose
 because he's from the future.
 Okay, the Mike Pence, the planet of Mike Penses, whatever.
 The Baron Trump book, that's weird coincidences
 and things like that.
 But I got two more pieces of info for you.
 One, the day that Donald Trump won the Illinois primary
 during the election, lightning struck Trump Tower.
 Was that a moment where he was going to correct
 the time screen where he didn't win Illinois?
 Probably not.
 He actually kind of had the nomination sewed up
 by the time he won Illinois.
 But it is an interesting coincidence.
 However, Donald Trump famously said about his daughter,
 Ivanka, she wasn't my daughter.
 I'd be dating her.
 Well, one theory is that in an alternate timeline,
 Ivanka was born to another man and another woman.
 And they were dating, but because Donald Trump
 has been going back and forth so much in time,
 he ended up marrying the mother of Ivanka.
 Now it's his daughter.
 So now he can't date her.
 And you know what's so funny?
 I'm gonna close the episode out like this.
 'Cause I have really no other way to wrap this up.
 I've complained about other conspiracies in the past,
 like World War II was fake.
 I'm like, this is total nonsense, nuclear bombs or whatever.
 Nuclear bombs don't exist, yeah, whatever.
 So there are certain conspiracies that I view
 as when I cover them, I'm almost discouraged
 from researching more conspiracy theories
 because I look at how misinformed some people can be
 to really think World War II never happened.
 This conspiracy fills me with a childlike joy.
 I just find it so amusing.
 And I think it's amusing because one,
 it's a conspiracy theory that's fairly lighthearted.
 Like again, love and reheat them.
 It's an entertaining theory.
 It doesn't have to involve holocaust not happening.
 It doesn't have to involve, you know,
 9/11 was an inside job.
 It's not like this horrible,
 it doesn't have this huge death toll.
 A lot of the conspiracies are fairly like dark.
 This one's kind of lovey-dovey and cute in a way.
 It's a conspiracy theory that we're basically living
 through right now because again,
 if he's a time traveler, it's going on.
 I have to admit, I read this conspiracy theory,
 like I said back in 2016.
 I can't look at Mike Pence without thinking
 there's a planet of them somewhere in our near future.
 I think it's just a fairly fun one.
 And again, the next time someone starts talking
 about politics and you'd rather not just be bothered.
 You'd rather just do something else.
 Just turn around, look him in the eyes and say,
 "Did you know Donald Trump is a time traveler?"
 And then say nothing.
 And to make it even funnier, when they go,
 "What did you say?"
 Just turn back around.
 Just don't acknowledge them.
 So we did it.
 Thanksgiving episode.
 There we go.
 Hope I gave you some good topics to talk about
 over your Thanksgiving meal.
 Everyone have fun.
 Enjoy everything that you're doing,
 whether you're with your friends and your family,
 whether you're just hanging out by yourself,
 which is what I'm doing,
 whether you're doing stuff online, whatever.
 Just have fun for the day, be safe.
 DeadRabbitRadio@gmail.com is going to be your email address.
 You can also hit us up at facebook.com/DeadRabbitRadio.
 Our Twitter is @JasonOParpenter.
 DeadRabbitRadio is the daily paranormal conspiracy
 and true crime podcast.
 You don't have to listen to it every day,
 but I'm glad you listened to it today.
 Have a great one guys and have a happy Thanksgiving.
 (upbeat music)
 Meet Zack.
 His work life balance is anything but balanced.
 But when he gets on the bike, he becomes Zenzack.
 Zenzack exists outside of time.
 His heartbeat sounds like a mellow drum circle.
 - It's cool, right?
 - The only notification he hears is the sound of the ocean.
 So if you want to reach him, talk to the ocean.
 - Zenzack is so zen because he has 24/7
 expert claim service with GEICO,
 which is totally chill.
 GEICO motorcycle, expert coverage for both your sides.
